Lyrics:
393 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語ItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیDanskहिन्दीPolskiNederlandsالعربيةChinese Traditional​drivers license Lyrics[Verse 1]
I got my driver's license last week
Just like we always talked about
'Cause you were so excited for me
To finally drive up to your house
But today, I drove through the suburbs
Crying 'cause you weren't around

[Verse 2]
And you're probably with that blonde girl
Who always made me doubt
She's so much older than me
She's everything I'm insecure about
Yeah, today, I drove through the suburbs
'Cause how could I ever love someone else?

[Chorus]
And I know we weren't perfect, but I've never felt this way for no one
And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone
Guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street

[Verse 3]
And all my friends are tired
Of hearing how much I miss you, but
I kinda feel sorry for them
'Cause they'll never know you the way that I do
Yeah, today, I drove through the suburbs
And pictured I was driving home to you
See Olivia Rodrigo LiveGet tickets as low as $149You might also like[Chorus]
And I know we weren't perfect, but I've never felt this way for no one, oh
And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone
I guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street

[Bridge]
Red lights, stop signs
I still see your face in the white cars, front yards
Can't drive past the places we used to go to
'Cause I still fuckin' love you, babe (Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)
Sidewalks we crossed
I still hear your voice in the traffic, we're laughing
Over all the noise
God, I'm so blue, know we're through
But I still fuckin' love you, babe (Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

[Chorus]
I know we weren't perfect, but I've never felt this way for no one
And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone
Guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street

[Outro]
Yeah, you said forever, now I drive alone past your street379Embed

Lyrics:
377 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийRomânăPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschFrançaisالعربيةMONTERO (Call Me By Your Name) Lyrics[Verse 1]
I caught it bad yesterday
You hit me with a call to your place
Ain't been out in a while anyway
Was hopin' I could catch you throwin' smiles in my face
Romantic talkin'? You don't even have to try
You're cute enough to fuck with me tonight
Lookin' at the table, all I see is weed and white
Baby, you livin' the life, but nigga, you ain't livin' right

[Pre-Chorus]
Cocaine and drinkin' with your friends
You live in the dark, boy, I cannot pretend
I'm not fazed, only here to sin
If Eve ain't in your garden, you know that you can

[Chorus]
Call me when you want, call me when you need
Call me in the morning, I'll be on the way
Call me when you want, call me when you need
Call me out by your name, I'll be on the way like

[Post-Chorus]
Mmm, mmm, mmm
Mmm, mmm, mmm
You might also like[Verse 2]
Ayy, ayy
I wanna sell what you're buyin'
I wanna feel on your ass in Hawaii
I want that jet lag from fuckin' and flyin'
Shoot a child in your mouth while I'm ridin'
Oh, oh, oh, why me?
A sign of the times every time that I speak
A dime and a nine, it was mine every week
What a time, an incline, God was shinin' on me
Now I can't leave
And now I'm actin' hella elite
Never want the niggas that's in my league
I wanna fuck the ones I envy, I envy

[Pre-Chorus]
Cocaine and drinkin' with your friends
You live in the dark, boy, I cannot pretend
I'm not fazed, only here to sin
If Eve ain't in your garden, you know that you can

[Chorus]
Call me when you want, call me when you need
Call me in the morning, I'll be on the way
Call me when you want, call me when you need
Call me out by your name, I'll be on the way like
[Post-Chorus]
Oh, call me by your name (Mmm, mmm, mmm)
Tell me you love me in private
Call me by your name (Mmm, mmm, mmm)
I do not care if you're lyin'334Embed

Lyrics:
60 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsItalianoDeutschBeggin’ Lyrics[Intro]
Put your lovin' hand out, baby
'Cause I'm beggin'

[Chorus]
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, darlin'

[Verse 1]
Riding high when I was king
I played it hard and fast, 'cause I had everything
I walked away, you won me then
But easy come and easy go and it would end

[Verse 2]
So anytime I bleed, you let me go
Yah, anytime I feed, you get me, no
Anytime I seek, you let me know
But I plant and seed, just let me go
I'm on my knees when I'm beggin'
'Cause I don't wanna lose you
Hey, yeah, ra-ta-ta-ta!

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm beggin', beggin' you
Uh, put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you, ah
And put your loving hand out, darlin'
See Måneskin LiveGet tickets as low as $9You might also like[Verse 3]
I need you to understand
Tried so hard to be your man
The kind of man you want in the end
Only then can I begin to live again

[Verse 4]
An empty shell, I used to be
The shadow of my life was hangin' over me
A broken man that I don't know
Won't even stand the devil's dance to win my soul

[Verse 5]
What we doin'? What we chasin'?
Why the bottom? Why the basement?
Why we got good shit, don't embrace it?
Why the feel for the need to replace me?
You're the wrong way track from the good
I want to paint a picture tellin' where we could be at
Like a heart in the best way should
You can give it away, you had it and you took the pay
But I keep walkin' on, keep openin' doors
Keep hopin' for, now the door is yours
Keep also home
'Cause I don't wanna live in a broken home, girl, I'm beggin'
[Chorus]
Mmm, yeah, yeah, I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, darlin'

[Bridge]
I'm fighting hard to hold my own
Just can't make it all alone
I'm holdin' on, I can't fall back
I'm just a calm, 'bout to fade to black

[Chorus]
I'm beggin', beggin' you
Put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, darlin'
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, darlin'

[Outro]
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out, baby
I'm beggin', beggin' you
So put your loving hand out44Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsNew Music Friday 4/23/21 LyricsH.E.R. - Come Through (feat. Chris Brown)
Moneybagg Yo - Shottas (Lala)
Young Stoner Life - Litty (feat. DaBaby)
Cordae - Dream in Color
The Weeknd - Save Your Tears (with Ariana Grande) (Remix)
Zoe Wees - Ghost
Aluna - Trouble - Spotify Singles
Natti Natasha - Ram Pam Pam
Lil Yachty - G.I. Joe (feat. Louie Ray)
YoungBoy Never Broke Again - Territorial
Sasha Sloan - when was it over? (feat. Sam Hunt)
PJ Harding - The Worst Of You
Jorja Smith - Gone
Myke Towers - MÍRENME AHORA
Rich The Kid - Richard Mille Patek
YG - Bompton to Oak Park
CHVRCHES - He Said She Said
Cake Pop - Satin Bedsheets (feat. Dylan Brady, Ravenna Golden, Aaron Cartier & Pritty)
aldn - what was the last thing u said
Dеb Never - Sorry
Ben Platt - Imaginе
Jessie Murph - Look Who's Cryin' Now
Porter Robinson - Unfold
Flying Lotus - Black Gold
Kota the Friend - Outside
Morray - Trenches
Daddy Yankee - EL PONY
Ashe - When I'm Older
salem ilese - About a Breakup
Sara Kays - Backseat Rider
Jack Kays - MIDDLE OF THE END (HOW DOES IT FEEL)
Little Simz - Introvert
Funkmaster Flex - You Know
DUSTY LOCANE - MOVE DOLEY
ssgkobe - Angels
Amber Mark - Worth It
LILHUDDY - America's Sweetheart
Dreamer Boy - Best of Me
keshi - beside you
Yola - Diamond Studded Shoes
Fivio Foreign - Unruly
Renni Rucci - Talk
Chelsea Collins - Hotel Bed (feat. Swae Lee)
Mills - Fight Alone
Amy Allen - One
Max Leone - untitled
Weezer - I Need Some of That
Wolf Alice - Smile
The Chemical Brothers - The Darkness That You Fear - Edit
R3HAB - Pues (with Luis Fonsi & Sean Paul)
Lil Gotit - Burnt N Turnt
YSN Flow - Do It Again (feat. Doe Boy)
TheHxliday - Wit Dat
whiterosemoxie - ITACHI
Eric Church - Where I Wanna Be
Chris Lane - Fill Them Boots
Teddy Swims - Bed on Fire
KALEO - Hey Gringo
Oliver Malcolm - The Jungle
Duki - Cascada
Cochise - SANJI
Witt Lowry - Put Me First
ROSIE - 100 Headaches
Patrick Droney - Talk About That
Charlotte Cardin - Anyone Who Loves Me
Lizzy McAlpine - Angelina
Jameson Rodgers - In It for the Money
Brett Young - Not Yet
The Alchemist - Nobles (feat. Earl Sweatshirt & Navy Blue)
Snoop Dogg - Look Around
DijahSB - New Harrison
Ethel Cain - God's Country (feat. Wicca Phase Springs Eternal)
Jordana - Push Me Away
Emmit Fenn - Closer to You
Jake Scott - Off
Jordan McGraw - HER
JJ Lin - Bedroom (feat. Anne-Marie)
K.Flay - Four Letter Words
Noah Cunane - F*CK ABOUT IT
Anthony Russo - Anyone (but you)
Zach Hood - 13 Missed Calls
Skinny G - Like I Was Tony
Camino - Burning Fire
Sir Sly - Welcomes The Pressure
Ellise - Over Breakfast
Stephen Stanley - Oasis
Melvoni - GET MONEY (feat. DDG & Tyla Yaweh)
Nardo Wick - Shhh
Wacotron - Coastin
Moe - Walkin On Water
Mau y Ricky - Doctor
Shaylen - Do Si Do (with Bryce Vine & KyleYouMadeThat)
Shift K3Y - Love Line (with Tinashe)
Rezz - Hypnocurrency
Lathan Warlick - Gotta Be God (feat. Russell Dickerson)
The Hunna - Bad Place
morgxn - LOSING MYSELF
Greyson Chance - Hellboy
Stove God Cooks - Dope
MC Beezy - Casamigos
Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike - We'll Be Dancing SoonEmbed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorTop canciones de 2021: España Lyrics Top canciones de 2021: España1.  "Dakiti" - Bad Bunny
2.  "Todo De Ti" - Rauw Alejandro
3.  "Tú Me Dejaste De Querer" - C. Tangana
4.  "LA NOCHE DE ANOCHE" - Bad Bunny
5.  "La Nota" - Manuel Turizo
6.  "Pareja Del Año" - Sebastián Yatra
7.  "Bandido" - Myke Towers
8.  "Hecha Pa Mí" - Boza
9.  "Yonaguni" - Bad Bunny
10. "Vida de Rico" - Camilo
11. "Qué Más Pues?" - J Balvin
12. "Loco" - Justin Quiles
13. "Fiel" - Los Legendarios
14. "911" - Sech
15. "BICHOTA" - KAROL G
16. "Hawái" - Maluma
17. "Pepas" - Farruko
18. "A Un Paso De La Luna" - Ana Mena
19. "Reloj" - Rauw Alejandro
20. "Ella No Es Tuya (Remix)" - Rochy RD
21. "Despeinada" - Ozuna
22. "Demasiadas Mujeres" - C. Tangana
23. "La Historia" - El Taiger
24. "Cúrame" - Rauw Alejandro
25. "Tiroteo (Remix)" - Marc Segui
26. "Baila Conmigo" - Selena Gomez
27. "2/Catorce" - Rauw Alejandro
28. "Flamenco y Bachata" - Daviles de Novelda
29. "Tattoo (Remix with Camilo)" - Rauw Alejandro
30. "Polvo" - Nicky Jam
31. "Me Fijé" - Alex Rose
32. "Ingobernable" - C. Tangana
33. "Mon Amour (Remix)" - zzoilo
34. "Miénteme" - TINI
35. "UN DIA (ONE DAY)" - J Balvin
36. "Blinding Lights" - The Weeknd
37. "Relación (Remix) [feat. ROSALÍA & Farruko]" - Sech
38. "Chica Ideal" - Sebastián Yatra
39. "BEBÉ" - Camilo
40. "Solo" - Omar Montes
41. "Aloha (feat. Darell, Mambo Kingz & DJ Luian)" - Maluma
42. "Enchule" - Rauw Alejandro
43. "Del Mar" - Ozuna
44. "Volando (Remix)" - Mora
45. "AM" - Nio García
46. "De Cora <3" - Rauw Alejandro
47. "La Curiosidad" - Jay Wheeler
48. "FULANITO" - Becky G.
49. "EL MAKINÓN" - KAROL G
50. "Juramento eterno de sal" - Alvaro De Luna
51. "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)" - Lil Nas X
52. "Una Locura" - Ozuna
53. "drivers license" - Olivia Rodrigo
54. "Volví" - Aventura
55. "TE MUDASTE" - Bad Bunny
56. "AM Remix" - Nio García
57. "Nathy Peluso: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 36" - Bizarrap
58. "Mi Niña" - Los Legendarios
59. "Antes" - Anuel AA
60. "No Te Enamores (Remix) [feat. Jay Wheeler & Amenazzy]" - Milly
61. "Millones" - Camilo
62. "Peaches (feat. Daniel Caesar & GIVĒON)" - Justin Bieber
63. "Explícito" - Myke Towers
64. "Blin Blin" - Bad Gyal
65. "Ram Pam Pam" - Natti Natasha
66. "La Niña de la Escuela" - Lola Índigo
67. "512" - Mora
68. "good 4 u" - Olivia Rodrigo
69. "Bad Habits" - Ed Sheeran
70. "Corazón Sin Vida" - Aitana
71. "Hasta Que Dios Diga" - Anuel AA
72. "Tusa" - KAROL G
73. "Watermelon Sugar" - Harry Styles
74. "STAY" - The Kid LAROI
75. "Sexo Virtual" - Rauw Alejandro
76. "Friday (feat. Mufasa & Hypeman) [Dopamine Re-Edit]" - Riton
77. "Rojo" - J Balvin
78. "Sobrio" - Maluma
79. "positions" - Ariana Grande
80. "Nunca Estoy" - C. Tangana
81. "911 (Remix)" - Sech
82. "Se iluminaba" - Fred De Palma
83. "Fan de Tus Fotos" - Nicky Jam
84. "Mood (feat. iann dior)" - 24kGoldn
85. "CÓMO SE SIENTE (Remix)" - Jhayco
86. "Save Your Tears" - The Weeknd
87. "Madrid" - Maluma
88. "La Tóxica (feat. Jay Wheeler & Tempo) [Remix]" - Farruko
89. "Favorito" - Camilo
90. "LOCATION" - KAROL G
91. "La Curiosidad (Blue Grand Prix Remix) [feat. DJ Nelson, JHAYCO, Lunay & Kendo Kaponi, feat. DJ Nelson, Jhay Cortez, Lunay & Kendo Kaponi]" - Jay Wheeler
92. "Caramelo (Remix)" - Ozuna
93. "Travesuras (Remix) [feat. Wisin & Yandel, Myke Towers & Flow La Movie]" - Nio García
94. "Nicky Jam: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 41" - Bizarrap
95. "Kiss Me More (feat. SZA)" - Doja Cat
96. "Machu Picchu" - Camilo
97. "Fiel (feat. Los Legendarios & Myke Towers) [Remix]" - Wisin
98. "Bésame" - Luis Fonsi
99. "Levitating (feat. DaBaby)" - Dua Lipa
100. "La Tirita" - Belén AguileraEmbed

Lyrics:
192 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEnglishРусскийPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschNederlandsहिन्दीLeave The Door Open Lyrics[Intro: Bruno Mars]
Say baby, say baby, say baby

[Verse 1: Anderson .Paak & Bruno Mars]
What you doin'? (What you doin'?)
Where you at? (Where you at?)
Oh, you got plans? (You got plans)
Don't say that (Shut your trap)
I'm sippin' wine (Sip, sip) in a robe (Drip, drip)
I look too good (Look too good)
To be alone (Woo, woo)
My house clean (House clean), my pool warm (Pool warm)
Just shaved, smooth like a newborn
We should be dancin', romancin'
In the east wing and the west wing
Of this mansion, what's happenin'?

[Pre-Chorus: Bruno Mars]
I ain't playin' no games
Every word that I say is coming straight from the heart
So if you tryna lay in these arms

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
I'ma leave the door open
(I'ma leave the door open)
I'ma leave the door open, girl
(I'ma leave the door open, hopin')
That you feel the way I feel
And you want me like I want you tonight, baby
(Tell me that you're comin' through)
You might also like[Verse 2: Anderson .Paak & Bruno Mars]
Ooh, you're so sweet (So sweet), so tight (So tight)
I won't bite (Uh-uh), unless you like (Unless you like)
If you smoke (What you smoke?), I got the haze (Purple haze)
And if you're hungry, girl, I got filets (Woo)
Ooh, baby, don't keep me waitin'
There's so much love we could be makin' (Shamone!)
I'm talkin' kissin', cuddlin'
Rose petals in the bathtub
Girl, let's jump in, it's bubblin'

[Pre-Chorus: Bruno Mars]
I ain't playin' no games
Every word that I say is coming straight from the heart
So if you tryna lay in these arms (If you tryna lay in these arms)

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
I'ma leave the door open
(I'ma leave the door open)
I'ma leave the door open, girl
(I'ma leave the door open, hopin')
That you feel the way I feel
And you want me like I want you tonight, baby
Tell me that you're comin' through (Come on, girl)

[Bridge: Bruno Mars & Anderson .Paak]
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (I need you, baby)
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (I got to see you, baby)
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (Girl, I'm tryna give you this, ah)
[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
Hey, hey, I'ma leave my door open, baby
(I'ma leave the door open)
I'ma leave, I'ma leave my door open, girl
(I'ma leave the door open, hopin')
And I'm hopin', hopin'
That you feel the way I feel
And you want me like I want you tonight, baby
Tell me that you're comin' through (Woo!)

[Outro: Bruno Mars & Anderson .Paak]
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (Tell me)
Tell me that you're comin' through
(Woo-woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo)
(Woo-woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo, woo-woo)
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (La-la-la-la-la)
Tell me that you're comin' through
Girl, I'm here just waitin' for you (Oh!)
Come on over, I'll adore you (I gotta know!)
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (I'm waitin', waitin', waitin')
Tell me that you're comin' through (For you)
Girl, I'm here just waitin' for you
Come on over, I'll adore you
La-la-la-la-la-la-la (La-la-la-la)134Embed

Lyrics:
235 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeSvenskaEspañolPortuguêsPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)ItalianoDeutschFrançais日本語​deja vu Lyrics[Verse 1]
Car rides to Malibu
Strawberry ice cream, one spoon for two
And tradin' jackets
Laughin’ 'bout how small it looks on you
(Ha-ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha)
Watching reruns of Glee
Bein' annoying, singin’ in harmony
I bet she's braggin' to all her friends, sayin' you're so unique, hmm

[Chorus]
So when you gonna tell her that we did that, too?
She thinks it's special, but it's all reused
That was our place, I found it first
I made the jokes you tell to her when she's with you
Do you get déjà vu when she’s with you?
Do you get déjà vu? (Ah) Hmm
Do you get déjà vu, huh?

[Verse 2]
Do you call her, almost say my name?
’Cause let's be honest, we kinda do sound the same
Another actress
I hate to think that I was just your type
And I bet that she knows Billy Joel
’Cause you played her "Uptown Girl"
You're singin' it together
Now I bet you even tell her how you love her
In between the chorus and the verse (Ooh; I love you)
See Olivia Rodrigo LiveGet tickets as low as $149You might also like[Chorus]
So when you gonna tell her that we did that, too?
She thinks it's special, but it’s all reused
That was the show we talked about
Played you the songs she's singing now when she's with you
Do you get déjà vu when she's with you?
Do you get déjà vu? (Oh-oh)
Do you get déjà vu?
[Bridge]
Strawberry ice cream in Malibu
Don't act like we didn't do that shit, too
You're tradin' jackets like we used to do
(Yeah, everything is all reused)
Play her piano, but she doesn't know (Oh, oh)
That I was the one who taught you Billy Joel (Oh)
A different girl now, but there's nothing new
[Outro]
I know you get déjà vu
I know you get déjà vu
I know you get déjà vu190Embed

Lyrics:
185 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutsch한국어Good Days Lyrics[Verse 1: SZA]
Good day in my mind, safe to take a step out
Get some air now, let yo edge out
Too soon, I spoke
You be heavy in my mind, can you get the heck out?
I need rest now, got me bummed out
You so, you so, you
Baby, baby, babe
I've been on my empty mind shit

[Pre-Chorus: SZA]
I try to keep from losin' the rest of me
I worry that I wasted the best of me on you, babe
You don't care
Said, "Not tryna be a nuisance, this is urgent"
Tryna make sense of loose change
Got me a war in my mind
Gotta let go of weight, can't keep what's holdin' me
Choose to watch while the world break up in front of me

[Chorus: SZA, Jacob Collier & Both]
All the while, I'll await my armored fate with a smile
Still wanna try, still believe in
Good days, good days, always
Always inside (Always in my mind, always in my mind, mind)
Good day living in my mind
See SZA LiveGet tickets as low as $110You might also like[Verse 2: SZA, Jacob Collier]
Tell me I'm not my fears, my limitations
I disappear if you let me
Feelin' like, yeah (On your own)
Feelin' like Jericho
Feelin' like Job when he lost his shit
Gotta hold my own, my cross to bear alone, I
Ooh, played and dipped, way to kill the mood
Know you like that shit
Can't groove it, ba-baby
Heavy on my empty mind shit

[Pre-Chorus: SZA]
I gotta keep from losin' the rest of me (Rest of me)
Still worry that I wasted the best of me on you, babe
You don't care
Said, "Not tryna be a nuisance, this is urgent" (It's urgent)
Tryna make sense of loose change
Got me a war in my mind (My mind)
Gotta let go of weight, can't keep what's holdin' me
Choose to watch while the world break up in front of me

[Chorus: SZA, Jacob Collier & Both]
All the while, I'll await my armored fate with a smile
Still wanna try, still believe in
Good days, good days, always (Good days on my mind, good days on my mind)
Sunny inside (Always in my mind, always in my mind, mind)
Good day living in my mind
[Verse 3: SZA]
Gotta get right
Tryna free my mind before the end of the world
I don't miss no ex, I don't miss no text
I choose not to respond
I don't regret, just pretend shit never happened
Half of us layin' waste to our youth, it's in the present
(Na-na, na-na, na-na, na)
Half of us chasin' fountains of youth and it's in the present now

[Outro: Jacob Collier]
Always in my mind, always in my mind, mind
You've been making me feel like I'm
Always in my mind, always in my mind, mind185Embed

Lyrics:
137 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschفارسیΕλληνικάNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)Bad Habits Lyrics[Intro]
(One, two, three, four)
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 1]
Every time you come around, you know I can't say no
Every time the sun goes down, I let you take control
I can feel the paradise before my world implodes
And tonight had something wonderful

[Chorus]
My bad habits lead to late nights endin' alone
Conversations with a stranger I barely know
Swearin' this'll be the last, but it probably won't
I got nothin' left to lose, or use, or do
My bad habits lead to wide eyes starin' at space
And I know I lose control of the things that I say
Yeah, I was lookin' for a way out, now I can't escape
Nothin' happens after two, it's truе, it's true
My bad habits lead to you

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
My bad habits lead to you
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
My bad habits lеad to you
See Ed Sheeran LiveGet tickets as low as $57You might also like[Verse 2]
Every pure intention ends when the good times start
Fallin' over everything to reach the first time's spark
It started under neon lights and then it all got dark
I only know how to go too far

[Chorus]
My bad habits lead to late nights endin' alone
Conversations with a stranger I barely know
Swearin' this'll be the last, but it probably won't
I got nothin' left to lose, or use, or do
My bad habits lead to wide eyes starin' at space
And I know I lose control of the things that I say
Yeah, I was lookin' for a way out, now I can't escape
Nothin' happens after two, it's true, it's true
My bad habits lead to you

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
My bad habits lead to you
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh

[Bridge]
We took the long way 'round
And burned till the fun ran out, now
[Chorus]
My bad habits lead to late nights endin' alone
Conversations with a stranger I barely know
Swearin' this'll be the last, but it probably won't
I got nothin' left to lose, or use, or do
My bad habits lead to wide eyes starin' at space
And I know I lose control of the things that I say
Yeah, I was lookin' for a way out, now I can't escape
Nothin' happens after two, it's true, it's true
My bad habits lead to you

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
My bad habits lead to you
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
My bad habits lead to you60Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 7/9/21 LyricsBTS - Permission to Dance
Post Malone - Motley Crew
Billie Eilish - NDA
The Kid LAROI - Stay (with Justin Bieber)
Maluma - Sobrio
BIA - WHOLE LOTTA MONEY (feat. Nicki Minaj) - Remix
Kane Brown - Memory
Jungle - Romeo (feat. Bas)
Yung Bleu - Way More Close (Stuck In A Box) (feat. Big Sean)
Nathy Peluso - MAFIOSA
Zoe Wees - you broke me first - Spotify Singles
Omar Apollo - Go Away
Bad Bunny - De Museo
Vince Staples - ARE YOU WITH THAT?
Snoh Aalegra - NEON PEACH feat. Tyler, The Creator
Jennifer Lopez - Cambia el Paso
John Legend - Crowd Go Crazy
IDK - Keto
Bas - Thе Jackie (with J. Cole & Lil Tjay)
Masked Wolf - Say So
glaivе - fuck this town
Claire Rosinkranz - Hotel
AURORA - Cure For Me
Tkay Maidza - Onto Me (with UMI)
Dave - Clash (feat. Stormzy)
carolesdaughter - please put me in a medically induced coma
Camylio - love and hate
Joy Oladokun - judas
Ant Clemons - Section (feat. Kehlani)
Logic - Get Up
Little Simz - I Love You, I Hate You
Peggy Gou - I Go - Edit
Icona Pop - Off Of My Mind
Tinashe - Bouncin
Nina Nesbitt - Summer Fling
Walk Off the Earth - Love You Right 🕒
Parmalee - Take My Name
Jon Langston - Try Missing You
Sufjan Stevens - Reach Out
Charlotte Day Wilson - I Can Only Whisper (feat. BADBADNOTGOOD)
mazie - dumb dumb
Fredo Bang - Bless His Soul (with Polo G)
Kid Ink - Party
Dro Kenji - CROSS
Jayson Cash - Priority (feat. Blxst)
Amorphous - The Vibe
Frank Walker - Shadows 🕒
Lost Kings - Me Myself & Adderall
Twin Shadow - Is There Any Love 🕒
Inhaler - In My Sleep
Nothing But Thieves - Miracle, Baby
Sam Fender - Seventeen Going Under - Edit
Allison Ponthier - Hell Is A Crowded Room
Courtney Barnett - Rae Street
Oslo Ibrahim - Baby Don't Let Me Go
O.T. Genasis - What Is Your Name 🕒
NGeeYL - Off-White (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Cyn Santana - Come
Jam & Lewis - Do It Yourself 🕒
Mariah the Scientist - Walked In (feat. Young Thug)
Montell Fish - Talk 2 Me
Arden Jones - rollercoaster
Frances Forever - daytime 🐚
Loren Gray - Piece of Work
Conor Maynard - Ain't Got No Friends
Loud Luxury - Wasted 🕒
The Maine - High Forever
POORSTACY - Children of The Dark
Oscar Lang - Thank You
박혜진 Park Hye Jin - Let’s Sing Let’s Dance
Amen Dunes - Feel Nothing
Tom Odell - over you yet
HONNE - NOW I'M ALONE (feat. Sofía Valdés)
Naliya - Roller Coaster
Brynn Elliott - Can I Be Real?
Emily Weisband - butterfly (feat. Karen Fairchild)
Charley Crockett - I Need Your Love
Hillsong UNITED - Know You Will
Dwn2earth - Don't Play With Me
Bantu - Unforgivable
Issam Alnajjar - Mn Gheirik Enti
Hotboy Wes - My Lil Dance (feat. Gucci Mane)
Amindi - nwts
GRiZ - Rainbow Brain
EVAN GIIA - In Motion (feat. Reo Cragun) 🕒
Bahari - Forget You
44phantom - problems 🕒
Dylan Cartlidge - Dare To Dream 🐚
almost monday - til the end of time
LP - Goodbye
Declan McKenna - My House
Spencer. - Lonely As I Ever Was
TAELA - drugs with you
marcos g - 17 anymore
payton - DRIVE AWAY
Rejjie Snow - Shooting Star 🕒
Youssou N'Dour - Raise Your Hand
Jucee Froot - I Need A Bag
Childish Major - F Yah Job
Nicki Nicole - Me Has DejadoEmbed

Lyrics:
261 ContributorsTranslationsSlovenščinaTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیNederlandsالعربيةবাংলাINDUSTRY BABY Lyrics[Intro: Lil Nas X]
(D-D-Daytrip took it to ten, hey)
Baby back, ayy, couple racks, ayy
Couple Grammys on him, couple plaques, ayy
That's a fact, ayy, throw it back, ayy
Throw it back, ayy
[Pre-Chorus: Lil Nas X]
And this one is for the champions
I ain't lost since I began, yeah
Funny how you said it was the end, yeah
Then I went did it again, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Nas X]
I told you long ago on the road
I got what they waiting for
I don't run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low
You was never really rooting for me anyway
When I'm back up at the top, I wanna hear you say
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over

[Verse 1: Lil Nas X]
Uh, need to, uh
Need to get this album done
Need a couple number onеs
Need a plaque on every song
Need mе like one with Nicki now
Tell a rap nigga I don't see ya, hah
I'm a pop nigga like Bieber, hah
I don't fuck bitches, I'm queer, hah
But these niggas bitches like Madea, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy (Yeah)
Oh, let's do it
I ain't fall off, I just ain't release my new shit
I blew up, now everybody tryna sue me
You call me Nas, but the hood call me Doobie, yeah
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Lil Nas X]
And this one is for the champions
I ain't lost since I began, yeah
Funny how you said it was the end, yeah
Then I went did it again, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Nas X]
I told you long ago on the road
I got what they waiting for (I got what they're waiting for)
I don't run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low (Bitch, I ain't runnin' from nowhere)
You was never really rooting for me anyway (Ooh, ooh)
When I'm back up at the top, I wanna hear you say (Ooh, ooh)
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Jack Harlow]
My track record so clean, they couldn't wait to just bash me
I must be gettin' too flashy, y'all shouldn't have let the world gas me (Woo)
It's too late 'cause I'm here to stay and these girls know that I'm nasty (Mmm)
I sent her back to her boyfriend with my handprint on her ass cheek
City talkin', we takin' notes
Tell 'em all to keep makin' posts
Wish he could, but he can't get close
OG so proud of me that he chokin' up while he makin' toasts
I'm the type that you can't control, said I would, then I made it so
I don't clear up rumors (Ayy), where's y'all sense of humor? (Ayy)
I'm done makin' jokes 'cause they got old like baby boomers
Turned my haters to consumers, I make vets feel like they juniors (Juniors)
Say your time is comin' soon, but just like Oklahoma (Mmm)
Mine is comin' sooner (Mmm), I'm just a late bloomer (Mmm)
I didn't peak in high school, I'm still out here gettin' cuter (Woo)
All these social networks and computers
Got these pussies walkin' 'round like they ain't losers
[Chorus: Lil Nas X]
I told you long ago on the road
I got what they waiting for (I got what they waiting for)
I don't run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low (Bitch, I ain't runnin' from nowhere)
You was never really rooting for me anyway
When I'm back up at the top, I wanna hear you say
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over
[Outro: Lil Nas X]
Yeah
I'm the industry baby, mmm
I'm the industry baby
Yeah151Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsNew Music Friday 4/9/21 LyricsKiss Me More (feat. SZA) - Doja Cat
Otra Noche Sin Ti - J Balvin
Mr. Perfectly Fine (Taylor’s Version) (From The Vault) - Taylor Swift
Shy Away - Twenty One Pilots
RAPSTAR - Polo G
BANKROLL (feat. A$AP Rocky & A$AP Ferg) - BROCKHAMPTON
Set Him Up (feat. Ari Lennox) - Queen Naija
Starstruck - Years & Years
Waves of Blue - Majid Jordan
Nobody But You - Sonder
Freedom (with BEAM) - Justin Bieber
Wave of You - Surfaces
Survivor - KNOWN.
Whipski (feat. Lil Skies & Internet Money) - $NOT
Show Me Up - Lil Tecca
Amor en Coma - Manuel Turizo
Sunset - Demi Lovato
Haunted House - Holly Humberstone
Anywhere Away From Hеre (Rag’n’Bone Man & P!nk) - Rag'n'Bone Man
Wavеs - Luke Bryan
Sociopath - Olivia O'Brien
I'm Fine - Ashe
So I Lie - Miguel
Set The Table (feat. Claud) - Ritt Momney
BLACK EYE - THE BLOSSOM
Boyz II Men - KIRBY
Link - Tierra Whack
Easter In Miami - Kodak Black
Lil Freak (feat. DreamDoll) - CJ
burnout - Chynna 🕒
The Limit - DARKSIDE
Black Coffee - AVIV
Bottle Rocket - Briston Maroney
Night & Day - Kid Ink
Hunnid Or Better (feat. Bizzy Banks) - Lil Eazzyy
STOP - AJ Mitchell
fooly cooly - boyband
Kids feat. Kyle - Benny Sings 🕒
Paradise - Cuco
Vertigo - Alice Merton
Money On The Table (ft. Benny The Butcher) - Belly
La La La - AREA21
Close To You (with Andy Grammer) - R3HAB
Dancing On Dangerous - Imanbek
Way Too Long - Nathan Dawe
BURBERRY - Myke Towers
Perfect - Lakeyah
I Got Feelings - Kevo Muney
Syrup - Tkay Maidza
Posing In Bondage - Japanese Breakfast
counting houses - Luz
America - London Grammar
f*kn around - Darren Criss
Destroyer - Of Monsters and Men
Heartbreak Tour - Kat & Alex 🕒
I Hate Every1 - NOT THE MAIN CHARACTERS
I Think You Should Leave - OSTON 🕒
Lit (feat. YFN Lucci) - MO3
Blood Roses (feat. Jae Skeese) - Conway the Machine
Cowboys - Slayyyter
Relapse - Boys World
Yoga (with salem ilese) - LLusion
Paper Boy - Henjila
Nightstand - Justus Bennetts
Nolia Flow - Dee Watkins
Need It Back - Jay Loud
Might Not Like It - KenTheMan
Never Could - Mr.Chicken
Level Up - ppcocaine
All I Need (DJ-Kicks) - Edit - Jayda G
HIGH/BYE - Cody Frost
king of the nosebleeds - gabriel black
Purple - Unusual Demont
Hey Michael - Wallice
exception - renforshort
Osaka - SHAED
Avalon (with Francesco Turrisi) - Rhiannon Giddens
Madelyn - Anderson East
Die to Go Home - Brett Kissel
Love Again - Fancy Hagood
Prosper - S.O.
Viendo el Techo - Jay Wheeler
First Gear - Angelo Mota
Bout Mine - TruCarr
Walk Down (feat. Pooh Shiesty) - BigKayBeezy
First Day Out - Fam0us.Twinsss
In My Corner - ELHAE
I Don't Really Think About You No More - Kasai
LAVENDER - Dounia
Could Be Good - Kat Cunning
Hurricane (feat. HON & SMBDY) - BUNT.
Umbrella - Wacotron
Belaire - Yung Mal
Stain - Peter Rosenberg
she calls me daddy - KiNG MALA
I'll Be There - Yoshi Flower
if i don't have your love - Afgan
Recovery - Rose Betts
Palm Trees - Charm La'Donna
Welcome 2 America - PrinceEmbed

Lyrics:
252 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolTürkçeSvenskaPortuguêsPortuguês日本語ItalianoMagyarDeutschFrançaisChinese TraditionalالعربيةNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)Русский​good 4 u Lyrics[Intro]
(Ah)

[Verse 1]
Well, good for you, I guess you moved on really easily
You found a new girl and it only took a couple weeks
Remember when you said that you wanted to give me the world?
(World)
And good for you, I guess that you've been workin' on yourself
I guess that therapist I found for you, she really helped
Now you can be a better man for your brand-new girl (Girl)

[Chorus]
Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me
If you ever cared to ask
Good for you
You're doin' great out there without me, baby
God, I wish that I could do that
I've lost my mind, I've spent the night
Cryin' on the floor of my bathroom
But you're so unaffected, I really don't get it
But I guess good for you

[Verse 2]
Well, good for you, I guess you're gettin' everything you want (Ah)
You bought a new car and your career's really takin' off (Ah)
It's like we never even happened
Baby, what the fuck is up with that? (Ah)
And good for you, it's like you never even met me
Remember when you swore to God I was the only
Person who ever got you? Well, screw that, and screw you
You will never have to hurt the way you know that I do
See Olivia Rodrigo LiveGet tickets as low as $149You might also like[Chorus]
Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me
If you ever cared to ask
Good for you
You're doin' great out there without me, baby
God, I wish that I could do that
I've lost my mind, I've spent the night
Cryin' on the floor of my bathroom
But you're so unaffected, I really don't get it
But I guess good for you

[Break]
(Ah-ah-ah-ah)
(Ah-ah-ah-ah)

[Bridge]
Maybe I'm too emotional
But your apathy's like a wound in salt
Maybe I'm too emotional
Or maybe you never cared at all
Maybe I'm too emotional
Your apathy is like a wound in salt
Maybe I'm too emotional
Or maybe you never cared at all
[Chorus]
Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me
If you ever cared to ask
Good for you
You're doin' great out there without me, baby
Like a damn sociopath
I've lost my mind, I've spent the night
Cryin' on the floor of my bathroom
But you're so unaffected, I really don't get it
But I guess good for you

[Outro]
Well, good for you, I guess you moved on really easily260Embed

Lyrics:
67 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschTürkçeHEARTBREAK ANNIVERSARY Lyrics[Intro]
Ooh

[Verse 1]
Balloons are deflated
Guess they look lifeless like me
We miss you on your side of the bed, mmm
Still got your things here
And they stare at me like souvenirs
Don't wanna let you out my head

[Pre-Chorus]
Just like the day that I met you, the day I thought forever
Said that you love me, but that'll last for never
It's cold outside like when you walked out my life
Why you walk out my life?

[Chorus]
I get like this every time
On these days that feel like you and me
Heartbreak anniversary
'Cause I remember every time
On these days that feel like you and me
Heartbreak anniversary, do you ever think of me?
(Oh-ooh) No
(Ooh) No, no, no
(Ooh, ooh) Ooh, nah (Ooh)
See GIVĒON LiveGet tickets as low as $192You might also like[Verse 2]
I'm buildin' my hopes up
Like presents unopened 'til this day
I still see the messages you read, mmm
I'm foolishly patient (Foolishly patient)
Can't get past the taste of your lips (Taste of your lips)
Don't wanna let you out my head

[Pre-Chorus]
Just like the day that I met you, the day I thought forever
Said that you love me but that'll last for never
It's cold outside like when you walked out my life
Why you walk out my life? (My life)

[Chorus]
I get like this every time
On these days that feel like you and me
Heartbreak anniversary
'Cause I remember every time
On these days that feel like you and me
Heartbreak anniversary, do you ever think of me?
(Oh-ooh) Of me
(Ooh) 'Cause I think of you, think of you
(Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)101Embed

Lyrics:
207 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeไทย / Phasa ThaiSvenskaEspañolHrvatskiРусскийPortuguês한국어日本語ItalianoMagyarΕλληνικάDeutschFrançaisفارسیPolskiTagalog / ᜆᜄᜎᜓᜄ᜔Tiếng ViệtEasy On Me Lyrics[Verse 1]
There ain't no gold in this river
That I've been washin' my hands in forever
I know there is hope in these waters
But I can't bring myself to swim
When I am drowning in this silence
Baby, let me in
[Chorus]
Go easy on me, baby
I was still a child
Didn't get the chance to
Feel the world around me
I had no time to choose what I chose to do
So go easy on me

[Verse 2]
There ain't no room for things to change
When we are both so deeply stuck in our ways
You can't deny how hard I've tried
I changed who I was to put you both first
But now I give up
[Chorus]
Go easy on mе, baby
I was still a child
Didn't get the chance to
Feel thе world around me
Had no time to choose what I chose to do
So go easy on me
See Adele LiveGet tickets as low as $675You might also like[Bridge]
I had good intentions
And the highest hopes
But I know right now
It probably doesn't even show
[Chorus]
Go easy on me, baby
I was still a child
I didn't get the chance to
Feel the world around me
I had no time to choose what I chose to do
So go easy on me156Embed

Lyrics:
337 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolСрпскиРусскийPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)FrançaisفارسیNederlandsSlovenščinaItalianoAfrikaansРусскийTürkçeDeutschУкраїнськаالعربيةHebrewAll Too Well (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version) [From The Vault] Lyrics[Verse 1]
I walked through the door with you, the air was cold
But somethin' 'bout it felt like home somehow
And I left my scarf there at your sister's house
And you've still got it in your drawer, even now

[Verse 2]
Oh, your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze
We're singin' in the car, getting lost upstate
Autumn leaves fallin' down like pieces into place
And I can picture it after all these days

[Pre-Chorus]
And I know it's long gone and
That magic's not here no more
And I might be okay, but I'm not fine at all
Oh, oh, oh

[Chorus]
'Causе there we arе again on that little town street
You almost ran the red 'cause you were lookin' over at me
Wind in my hair, I was there
I remember it all too well

[Verse 3]
Photo album on the counter, your cheeks were turnin' red
You used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin-sized bed
And your mother's tellin' stories 'bout you on the tee-ball team
You taught me 'bout your past, thinkin' your future was me
And you were tossing me the car keys, "Fuck the patriarchy"
Keychain on the ground, we were always skippin' town
And I was thinkin' on the drive down, "Any time now
He's gonna say it's love," you never called it what it was
'Til we were dead and gone and buried
Check the pulse and come back swearin' it's the same
After three months in the grave
And then you wondered where it went to as I reached for you
But all I felt was shame and you held my lifeless frame
See Taylor Swift LiveGet tickets as low as $105You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
And I know it's long gone and
There was nothing else I could do
And I forget about you long enough
To forget why I needed to

[Chorus]
'Cause there we are again in the middle of the night
We're dancin' 'round the kitchen in the refrigerator light
Down the stairs, I was there
I remember it all too well
And there we are again when nobody had to know
You kept me like a secret, but I kept you like an oath
Sacred prayer and we'd swear
To remember it all too well, yeah

[Bridge]
Well, maybe we got lost in translation, maybe I asked for too much
But maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'til you tore it all up
Runnin' scared, I was there
I remember it all too well
And you call me up again just to break me like a promise
So casually cruel in the name of bein' honest
I'm a crumpled-up piece of paper lyin' here
'Cause I remember it all, all, all
[Verse 4]
They say all's well that ends well, but I'm in a new hell
Every time you double-cross my mind
You said if we had been closer in age, maybe it would've been fine
And that made me want to die
The idea you had of me, who was she?
A never-needy, ever-lovely jewel whose shine reflects on you
Not weepin' in a party bathroom
Some actress askin' me what happened, you
That's what happened, you
You who charmed my dad with self-effacing jokes
Sippin' coffee like you're on a late-night show
But then he watched me watch the front door all night, willin' you to come
And he said, "It's supposed to be fun turning twenty-one"

[Verse 5]
Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it
I'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still tryin' to find it
After plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own
Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone
But you keep my old scarf from that very first week
'Cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me
You can't get rid of it
'Cause you remember it all too well, yeah

[Chorus]
'Cause there we are again when I loved you so
Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known
It was rare, I was there
I remember it all too well
Wind in my hair, you were there
You remember it all
Down the stairs, you were there
You remember it all
It was rare, I was there
I remember it all too well
[Verse 6]
And I was never good at tellin' jokes, but the punch line goes
"I'll get older, but your lovers stay my age"
From when your Brooklyn broke my skin and bones
I'm a soldier who's returning half her weight
And did the twin flame bruise paint you blue?
Just between us, did the love affair maim you too?
'Cause in this city's barren cold
I still remember the first fall of snow
And how it glistened as it fell
I remember it all too well

[Outro]
Just between us, did the love affair maim you all too well?
Just between us, do you remember it all too well?
Just between us, I remember it (Just between us) all too well
Wind in my hair, I was there, I was there (I was there)
Down the stairs, I was there, I was there
Sacred prayer, I was there, I was there
It was rare, you remember it all too well
Wind in my hair, I was there, I was there (Oh)
Down the stairs, I was there, I was there (I was there)
Sacred prayer, I was there, I was there
It was rare, you remember it (All too well)
Wind in my hair, I was there, I was there
Down the stairs, I was there, I was there
Sacred prayer, I was there, I was there
It was rare, you remember it
Wind in my hair, I was there, I was there
Down the stairs, I was there, I was there
Sacred prayer, I was there, I was there
It was rare, you remember it219Embed

Lyrics:
290 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語ItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیУкраїнськаالعربيةHappier Than Ever Lyrics[Chorus]
When I'm away from you
I'm happier than ever
Wish I could explain it better
I wish it wasn't true

[Verse 1]
Give me a day or two to think of something clever
To write myself a letter
To tell me what to do, mm-mm
Do you read my interviews?
Or do you skip my avenue?
When you said you were passin' through
Was I even on your way?
I knew when I asked you to (When I asked you to)
Be cool about what I was tellin' you
You'd do the opposite of what you said you'd do (What you said you'd do)
And I'd end up more afraid
Don't say it isn't fair
You clearly werеn't aware that you made me misеrable
So if you really wanna know

[Chorus]
When I'm away from you (When I'm away from you)
I'm happier than ever (Happier than ever)
Wish I could explain it better (Wish I could explain it better)
I wish it wasn't true, mm-mm
You might also like[Verse 2]
You call me again, drunk in your Benz
Drivin' home under the influence
You scared me to death, but I'm wastin' my breath
'Cause you only listen to your fuckin' friends
I don't relate to you
I don't relate to you, no
'Cause I'd never treat me this shitty
You made me hate this city

[Verse 3]
And I don't talk shit about you on the internet
Never told anyone anything bad
'Cause that shit's embarrassing, you were my everything
And all that you did was make me fuckin' sad
So don't waste the time I don't have
And don't try to make me feel bad
I could talk about every time that you showed up on time
But I'd have an empty line 'cause you never did
Never paid any mind to my mother or friends, so I
Shut 'em all out for you 'cause I was a kid

[Outro]
You ruined everything good
Always said you were misunderstood
Made all my moments your own
Just fuckin' leave me alone, yeah (Fuck you)
(Ah)
(Goddamn)
(Ah)
(Fuck you)
(Fuck you)314Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsRapCaviar 9/3/21 Lyrics1. Drake - Girls Want Girls (with Lil Baby)
2. Baby Keem - Family Ties (with Kendrick Lamar)
3. Kanye West - Off The Grid
4. Drake - Way 2 Sexy (with Future & Young Thug)
5. Meek Mill - Blue Notes 2 (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
6. Sheff G - On Go (feat. Polo G)
7. Drake - TSU
8. Meek Mill - Sharing Locations (feat. Lil Baby & Lil Durk)
9. Kanye West - Praise God
10. Trippie Redd - Rich MF (feat. Polo G & Lil Durk)
11. Drake - Fair Trade (with Travis Scott)
12. Jack Harlow & Pooh Shiesty - SUVs (Black on Black)
13. Bobby Shmurda - No Time For Sleep (Freestyle)
14. YNW Melly - Mind of Melvin (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
15. Sleepy Hallow - 2055
16. Trippie Redd - Betrayal (feat. Drake)
17. Post Malone - Motley Crew
18. Smiley - Over Thе Top (feat. Drake)
19. Isaiah Rashad - From The Gardеn (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
20. Lil Baby & Lil Durk - Hats Off (feat. Travis Scott)
21. Joyner Lucas & Lil Tjay - Dreams Unfold
22. Trippie Redd - Matt Hardy 999 (feat. Juice WRLD)
23. Kanye West - Hurricane
24. Nardo Wick - Who Want Smoke?
25. Lil Tecca - REPEAT IT (feat. Gunna)
26. The Kid LAROI - NOT SOBER (feat. Polo G & Stunna Gambino)
27. Internet Money - His & Hers (feat. Don Toliver, Gunna & Lil Uzi Vert)
28. Migos - Having Our Way (feat. Drake)
29. Pop Smoke - Bout A Million (feat. 42 Dugg & 21 Savage)
30. Lil Nas X - INDUSTRY BABY (feat. Jack Harlow)
31. Migos - Modern Day
32. Blueface & Og Bobby Billions - Outside (Better Days)
33. Cochise & $NOT - Tell Em
34. G Herbo, Polo G & Lil Tjay - Cry No More
35. Pop Smoke - Tell The Vision (feat. Kanye West & Pusha T)
36. DaBaby - Red Light Green Light
37. Roddy Ricch - Late At Night
38. OHGEESY - Keeper (feat. A Boggie Wit da Hoodie)
39. Kodak Black - Feelin' Peachy
40. DaBaby - Ball If I Want To
41. Young Thug - Tick Tock
42. Lil Tecca - CHOPPA SHOOT THE LOUDEST (feat. Chief Keef & Trippie Redd)
43. Rod Wave - Already Won (feat. Lil Durk)
44. Belly & The Weeknd - Die For It (feat. Nas)
45. Remble - Touchable
46. BIA - WHOLE LOTTA MONEY (feat. Nicki Minaj) (Remix)
47. Doja Cat - Options (feat. JID)
48. Coi Leray - At The Top (with Kodak Black & Mustard)
49. Megan Thee Stallion - Thot Shit
50. Tyler, The Creator - WUSYANAME (feat. Youngboy Never Broke Again & Ty Dolla $ign)Embed

Lyrics:
158 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisবাংলা日本語Woman Lyrics[Intro]
Hey, woman
Hey, woman

[Chorus]
Woman
Let me be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Ayy)
I can be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Ayy)
Let me be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Ayy)
I can be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Ayy)

[Verse 1]
What you need?
She give tenfold, come here, papa, plant your seed
She can grow right from her womb a family
Provide lovin' overlooked and unappreciated, you see (Yeah)
You can reciprocate
I got delicious taste, you need a woman's touch in your place
Just protect her and keep her safe
Baby, worship my hips and waist
So feminine with grace
I touch your soul when you hear me say, "Boy"
Let me be your woman
See Doja Cat LiveGet tickets as low as $53You might also like[Chorus]
Woman
Lеt me be your woman
Woman, woman, woman
I can be your woman
Woman, woman, woman
Lеt me be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Ayy)
I can be your woman
Woman, woman, woman

[Verse 2]
I can be your lady, I'm a woman
I'm a motherfucker, but they got a problem
Put some babies in your life and take away the drama
Put the paper in a picture like a diorama
Gotta face a lot of people of the opposite
'Cause the world told me, "We ain't got the common sense"
Gotta prove it to myself that I'm on top of shit
And you would never know a god without the goddesses
Honest as fuckin' honest get
And I could be on everything
I mean I could be the leader, head of all the states
I could smile and jiggle it 'til his pockets empty
I could be the CEO, just look at Robyn Fenty
And I'ma be there for you 'cause you on my team, girl
Don't ever think you ain't hella these niggas dream girl
They wanna pit us against each other
When we succeedin' for no reasons
They wanna see us end up like we Regina on Mean Girls
Princess or queen, tomboy or king (Yeah)
You've heard a lot, you've never seen (Nah)
Mother Earth, Mother Mary rise to the top
Divine feminine, I'm feminine (Why?)
[Chorus]
Woman (Daddy)
Let me be your woman (Let me be your—)
Woman, woman, woman (Let me be your—)
I can be your woman
Woman, woman, woman (Daddy)
Let me be your woman (I know)
Woman, woman, woman (Daddy)
I can be your woman (I know)
Woman, woman, woman

[Outro]
Eee, eee, eee (Hey, woman)
(Woman)
Eee, eee, eee (Hey, woman)
Hey (Hey woman)
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm (Woman)
(Hey, woman)
(Hey, woman)49Embed

Lyrics:
209 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийDeutschFrançaisAstronaut in the Ocean Lyrics[Intro]
Astronaut

[Chorus]
What you know about rollin' down in the deep?
When your brain goes numb, you can call that mental freeze
When these people talk too much, put that shit in slow motion, yeah
I feel like an astronaut in the ocean, ayy
What you know about rollin' down in the deep?
When your brain goes numb, you can call that mental freeze
When these people talk too much, put that shit in slow motion, yeah
I feel like an astronaut in the ocean

[Verse 1]
She say that I'm cool (Damn straight)
I'm like, "Yeah, that's true" (That's true)
I believe in G-O-D (Ayy)
Don't believe in T-H-O-T
She keep playing me dumb (Play me)
I'ma play her for fun (Uh-huh)
Y'all don't really know my mental
Let me give you the picture like stencil
Fallin' out in a drought
No flow, rain wasn't pourin' down (Pourin' down)
See, that pain was all around
See, my mode was kinda lounged
Didn't know which, which way to turn
Flow was cool but I still felt burnt
Energy up, you can feel my surge
I'ma kill everything like this purge (Ayy)
You might also like[Bridge]
Let's just get this straight for a second, I'ma work (Yuh)
Even if I don't get paid for progression, I'ma get it (Uh, get it)
Everything that I do is electric (Ayy)
I'ma keep it in a motion, keep it movin' like kinetic, ayy (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Put this shit in a frame, better know I don't blame
Everything that I say, man, I seen you deflate
Let me elevate, this ain't a prank
Have you walkin' on a plank, li-li-li-li-like
Both hands together, God, let me pray (Now let me pray), uh
I've been goin' right, right around, call that relay (Masked Wolf)
Pass the baton, back and I'm on
Swimmin' in the pool, Kendrick Lamar, uh (Ayy)
Want a piece of this, a piece of mine, my peace a sign
Can you please read between the lines?
My rhyme's inclined to break your spine (Spine)
They say that I'm so fine (Fine)
You could never match my grind (True)
Please do not, not waste my time (Wolf)

[Chorus]
What you know about rollin' down in the deep?
When your brain goes numb, you can call that mental freeze
When these people talk too much, put that shit in slow motion, yeah
I feel like an astronaut in the ocean, ayy
What you know about rollin' down in the deep?
When your brain goes numb, you can call that mental freeze
When these people talk too much, put that shit in slow motion, yeah
I feel like an astronaut in the ocean69Embed

Lyrics:
118 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschTagalog / ᜆᜄᜎᜓᜄ᜔MONEY Lyrics[Verse 1]
It's the end of the month and the weekend
I'ma spend this check, everything on me, yeah
I'ma tip myself, I'ma spend it on myself
I'ma drop it like it's pourin', I'ma pour it on myself

[Refrain]
Che-che-che-check that money-makin' bank account number (Yikes)
That's that shit that's never gettin' bounced on ya
Bitch, I do the money dance, I just made a hundred bands
When the store says, "Sign for it," I'ma leave my autograph

[Pre-Chorus]
Dolla' bills, dolla' bills
Watch it fallin' for me, I love the way that feels
Dolla' bills, dolla' bills
Keep on fallin' for me, I love thе way it feels

[Chorus]
I came here to drop somе money, droppin' all my money
Drop some money, all this bread so yummy, yeah
Twerkin', twerkin' when I buy the things I like
Dolla', dollas droppin' on my ass tonight

[Verse 2]
Everyone silent, listen to my money talk
Spend how I like it, yeah, everyone know what I mean, mean
When they see green, when they see green, that mean go
Give me what the hell I want, give me what the hell I want
You might also like[Refrain]
Check that money-makin' bank account number (Yikes)
That's that shit that's never gettin' bounced on ya
Bitch, I do the money dance, I just made a hundred bands
When the store says, "Sign for it," I'ma leave my autograph

[Pre-Chorus]
Dolla' bills, dolla' bills
Watch it fallin' for me, I love the way that feels
Dolla' bills, dolla' bills
Keep on fallin' for me, I love the way it feels

[Chorus]
I came here to drop some money, droppin' all my money
Drop some money, all this bread so yummy, yeah
Twerkin', twerkin' when I buy the things I like
Dolla', dollas droppin' on my ass tonight
(Drop some money, droppin' all my money)
(Drop some money, all this bread so yummy, yeah)
Drop some money, droppin' all my money
Drop some money, all this bread so yummy, yeah

[Outro]
My money moves, money I choose
CELINE my shoes, walkin' on you, my money rules
My money moves, money I choose
Watch how my wons and yens and dollars be droppin' on you, you, you
Dun, dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, dun
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun
Dun, dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, dun
Droppin' on you
Dun, dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, dun
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun
Dun, dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, dun
Droppin' on you128Embed

Lyrics:
237 ContributorsTranslationsالعربيةTürkçeไทย / Phasa ThaiEspañolPortuguêsPolski한국어日本語ItalianoBahasa IndonesiaMagyarहिन्दीDeutschFrançaisفارسیChinese TraditionalAzərbaycanca / آذربايجانবাংলাУкраїнськаČeskyButter Lyrics[Verse 1: Jung Kook, V & j-hope]
Smooth like butter
Like a criminal undercover
Gon' pop like trouble
Breakin' into your heart like that (Ooh)
Cool shade stunner
Yeah, I owe it all to my mother
Hot like summer
Yeah, I'm makin' you sweat like that
Break it down

[Pre-Chorus: Jin & RM]
Ooh, when I look in the mirror
I'll melt your heart into two
I got that superstar glow so (Ooh)
Do the boogie like

[Chorus: Jung Kook, Jimin & V]
Side step, right, left to my beat
High like the moon, rock with me, baby
Know that I got that heat
Let me show you 'cause talk is cheap
Side step, right, left to my beat
Get it, let it roll

[Verse 2: Jung Kook, V, Jin & SUGA]
Smooth like butter
Pull you in like no other
Don't need no Usher
To remind me you got it bad
Ain't no other
That can sweep you up like a robber
Straight up, I got ya
Makin' you fall like that
Break it down
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Jimin & RM]
Ooh, when I look in the mirror
I'll melt your heart into two
I got that superstar glow so (Ooh)
Do the boogie like

[Chorus: Jimin, Jin & Jung Kook]
Side step, right, left to my beat
High like the moon, rock with me, baby
Know that I got that heat
Let me show you 'cause talk is cheap
Side step, right, left to my beat
Get it, let it roll

[Post-Chorus: Jimin]
Get it, let it roll
Get it, let it roll

[Verse 3: SUGA, RM & All]
Ice on my wrist, I'm the nice guy
Got the right body and the right mind
Rollin' up to party, got the right vibe
Smooth like (Butter), hate us (Love us)
Fresh boy pull up and we lay low
All the playas get movin' when the bass low
Got ARMY right behind us when we say so
Let's go
[Chorus: V, Jin, Jung Kook & Jimin]
Side step, right, left to my beat (Right, left to my beat)
High like the moon, rock with me, baby
Know that I got that heat
Let me show you 'cause talk is cheap (You know that talk is cheap)
Side step, right, left to my beat
Get it, let it roll
[Post-Chorus: j-hope, j-hope & RM, RM, All]
Smooth like (Butter), cool shade (Stunner)
And you know we don't stop
Hot like (Summer), ain't no (Bummer)
You be like, oh my God
We gon' make you rock and you say (Yeah)
We gon' make you bounce and you say (Yeah)
Hotter? Sweeter! Cooler? Butter!

[Outro: Jung Kook]
Get it, let it roll285Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 10/02/20 LyricsWonder - Shawn Mendes
Bet You Wanna (feat. Cardi B) - BLACKPINK
Runnin - 21 Savage
Don’t Stop (feat. Young Thug) - Megan Thee Stallion
Outta Time (feat. Drake) - Bryson Tiller
Not Another Love Song - Ella Mai
Lie Like This - Julia Michaels
Fallin' - Why Don't We
heart won't let me - LANY
Savage Love (Laxed – Siren Beat) [BTS Remix] - Jawsh 685
Jeanie (feat. Bon Iver) - Jim-E Stack
Stuck On You - Giveon
Come Over - Jorja Smith
Lemonade (Feat. Roddy Ricch & Don Toliver) [Remix] - Internet Money
I'm Not Mad - Halsey
Still Have Me - Demi Lovato
Levitating (feat. DaBaby) - Dua Lipa
POV (feat. Rubi Rose) - Wiz Khalifa
Blood Walk - YG
La Luz - Kali Uchis
say it over (feat. Cautious Clay) - Ruel
Mr. Right Now (feat. Drake) - 21 Savage
Lovesick Girls - BLACKPINK
Better Than We Found It - Maren Morris
body bag (feat. YUNGBLUD & Bert McCracken of The Used) - Machine Gun Kelly
Big A$AP (feat. Monica) - A$AP Ferg
Demons and Monsters - 347aidan
Lifetime - Romy
Gun Smoke - Stunna 4 Vegas
Bop It (feat. Polo G) - Fivio Foreign
[Got The Love - Terrell Morris]()
Outside - Oliver Malcolm
Something You Like - merci, mercy
Salt Licorice (with Robyn) - Radio Edit - Jónsi
How Was Your Day? - beabadoobee
Lie To Me - Queen Naija
Oops (I'm Sorry) (feat. Ty Dolla $ign & GASHI) - Lost Kings
Roller Rink - dempsey hope
Virtual Aerobics - Wallows
oops! - Yung Gravy
october's lullaby (feat. glaive) - Savage Ga$p
Chocolate Pomegranate - Ari Lennox
Muñeca - Gabriel Garzón-Montano
[DIE 4 YOU - Creams]()

Leave Virginia Alone - Tom Petty
HIGHER - Bishop Briggs
Think I'm Crazy - Two Feet
1,000,000 X Better - Griff
Pretty - Col3trane
PNE - Master Peace
wallflower - mxmtoon
All Love Everything - Aloe Blacc
The Change - JoJo
Man Down - YFN Lucci
Dos Uno Nueve (219) - Omar Apollo
MoneyOnMyMind - UPSAHL
[Somersault - Lourdiz]()
[Yessirski - Doe Boy] 🐚
[Red Lights - Haiti Babii]()

Two Ways - Trey Songz
Don't Go - Isabela Merced
Haunt You (feat. chloe moriondo) - X Lovers
Rockstar - Mallrat
i'm glad that you found someone - sad alex
Free As We Wanna Be - Dawes
Dream On Me - Ella Henderson
Space - Becky Hill
Californian Soil - London Grammar
Twinkle - Hether
[Rich Girl - Soulex] 🐚
Sofia - Tiny Meat Gang
Moment - Dagny
Cuss A Little - Kylie Morgan
[Amantes y Amigos - Arcangel]()

Self Love - Savannah Cristina
[Stained Glass (feat. Westside Gunn) - The Alchemist] 🐚
Boatloads feat. Jack Harlow - Smoke DZA
Training Day - Dougie F
Cry When I'm Gone - Dee Watkins
The Pink Phantom (feat. Elton John and 6LACK) - Gorillaz
Diet - Shamir
[Wonder (feat. Still Woozy and MTMBO) - Billy Lemos] 🐚
Soapbox - Brent Cobb
Officer of Love - Caamp
Amen - Tom Grennan
Someone Special - Anna of the North
Must Stop (feat. Sarah Barthel, Phantogram) - ONR
tiny life - EVAN GIIA
You Only Die Once - Kelsy Karter
MEN - deryk
Kissez - Sevyn Streeter
Composure - Lud Foe
[CLUB E11EVEN (feat. Guapdad 4000) - ALLBLACK] 🐚
I'd Rather Die Than Let You In - The Hunna
Halfway Down - Corey Taylor
Beautiful Drug - Bon Jovi
Baby - Brandon
Wild Child (Feat. Lil Baby) - Noodah05Embed

Lyrics:
19 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschEnglishTodo De Ti Lyrics[Letra de "Todo De Ti"]

[Intro]
One, two
One, two, three, four
Dice, Ra-Rauw

[Verso 1]
El viento soba tu cabello
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Me matan esos ojos bellos
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
Me gusta tu olor, de tu piel el color
Y cómo me haces sentir
Me gusta tu boquita, ese labial rosita
Y cómo me besas a mí (Yeh)

[Pre-Estribillo]
Contigo quiero despertar
Hacerlo después de fumar (Ey)
Ya no tengo na' que buscar
Algo fuera de aquí
Tú combinas con el mar
Ese bikini se ve fenomenal
No hay gravedad que me pueda elevar
Me pones mal a mí (¡Yah!)
See Rauw Alejandro LiveGet tickets as low as $34You might also like[Estribillo]
Aceleras to’ mis latidos
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti
De toa' tus parte’, ¿cuál decido?
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti

[Post-Estribillo]
Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti
Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti

[Verso 2]
Quinta Avenida, no va pa'l mall
Ella sabe que le llego a solo un call
En la Raptor me gusta ponerla en four
El jogger large, la camisa small
Como la dieta keto
Por ti, me controlo y me quedo quieto
Aunque quiero comerte to' eso completo
De ese culo me volví un teco, eh
Mi-Mi-Micro dosi', rola, oxi
Besando eso' labio’ glossy
Ya yo le di en to’a la' posi
Champú de coco, Chanel su wallet
Me vuelve loco desde el casco hasta lo’ pedale'
[Pre-Estribillo]
Contigo quiero despertar (Oh-oh)
Hacerlo después de fumar
Ya no tengo na' que buscar
Algo fuera de aquí
Tú combinas con el mar (Eh)
Ese bikini se ve fenomenal (Eh-eh)
No hay gravedad que me pueda elevar
Me pones mal a mí (¡Yah!)

[Estribillo]
Aceleras to' mis latidos
Y e’ que me gusta todo de ti
De toa' tus parte', ¿cuál decido?
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti

[Post-Estribillo]
Ah, ah-ah (Todo de ti), ah-ah (Todo de ti), ah-ah
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti
Ah, ah-ah (Todo de ti), ah-ah (Todo de ti), ah-ah
Y e' que me gusta todo de ti

[Outro]
(Contigo quiero despertar
Hacerlo después de fumar
Ya no tengo na' que buscar
Algo fuera de aquí)
Ra-Rauw
(Tú combinas con el mar)
Ey
(Ese bikini se ve fenomenal)
Naisgai, Colla
(No hay gravedad que me pueda elevar
Me pones mal a mí)
Dice
Rauw Alejandro
(Algo fuera de aquí)
Uh-uh, uh-uh
(Me pones mal a mí)15Embed

Lyrics:
274 ContributorsTranslationsPolskiTürkçeEspañolHrvatskiPortuguês한국어日本語MagyarDeutschFrançaisEestiNederlands34+35 Lyrics[Intro]
Hmm

[Verse 1]
You might think I'm crazy
The way I've been cravin'
If I put it quite plainly
Just gimme them babies
So what you doin' tonight?
Better say, "Doin' you right" (Yeah)
Watchin' movies, but we ain't seen a thing tonight (Yeah)

[Pre-Chorus]
I don't wanna keep you up (You up)
But show me, can you keep it up? (It up)
'Cause then I'll have to keep you up
Shit, maybe I'ma keep you up, boy
I've been drinkin' coffee (I've been drinkin' coffee; coffee)
And I've been eatin' healthy (I've been eatin' healthy; healthy)
You know I keep it squeaky, yeah (You know I keep it squeaky; squeaky)
Savin' up my energy (Yeah, yeah, savin' up my energy)

[Chorus]
Can you stay up all night?
Fuck me 'til the daylight
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah)
Can you stay up all night? (All night)
Fuck me 'til the daylight
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah)
You might also like[Verse 2]
You drink it just likе water (Water)
You say it tastes likе candy
So what you doin' tonight? (Tonight)
Better say, "Doin' you right" (Alright)
Watchin' movies, but we ain't seen a thing tonight (Yeah)

[Pre-Chorus]
I don't wanna keep you up (You up)
But show me, can you keep it up? (It up)
'Cause then I'll have to keep you up
Shit, maybe I'ma keep you up, boy
I've been drinkin' coffee (Said I've been drinkin' coffee; coffee)
And I've been eatin' healthy (And I've been eatin' healthy; healthy)
You know I keep it squeaky, yeah (Except this wine though; squeaky)
Savin' up my energy (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Chorus]
Can you stay up all night? (All night)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Daylight)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah; thirty-five)
Can you stay up all night? (Can you stay?)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Can you stay?)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah)

[Verse 3]
Oh yeah, yeah
Baby, you might need a seat belt when I ride it
I'ma leave it open like a door, come inside it
Even though I'm wifey, you can hit it like a side chick
Don't need no side dick, no
Got the neighbors yellin', "Earthquake!" (Earthquake)
4.5 when I make the bed shake (Bed shake)
Put it down heavy even though it's lightweight (It's lightweight, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy)
We started at midnight
Go 'til the sunrise (Sunrise)
Done at the same time (Yeah)
But who's countin' the time when we got it for life? (Got it for life)
I know all your favorite spots (Favorite spots)
We can take it from the top (From the top)
You such a dream come true, true
Make a bitch wanna hit snooze, ooh
[Chorus]
Can you stay up all night?
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Yeah, yeah)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah; thirty-four, thirty-five)
Can you stay up all night? (Do you know what that means?)
Fuck me 'til the daylight (Do you know what that means?)
Thirty-four, thirty-five (Ah)

[Outro]
Means I wanna "69" with you
No shit
Math class
Never was good166Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorLos Bulls Lyrics[Letra de "Los Bulls"]

[Intro: Yubeili]
Ey
Mmm, ja
Quítame el click, quítame el click
Wuh
Mmm, ja
Ey
México en la casa

[Coro: Yubeili]
Bad bitch on my neck como El Oro (Oro)
Fat ass on my crib, lo decoro (Jaja)
Mac Mic sonando si la follo (Wuh, wuh)
Yo no compito, cabrones, yo solo mejoro (Ah)
Bad bitch on my neck como El Oro (Ice)
Fat ass on my crib, lo decoro (-coro)
Mac Mic sonando si la follo (Ajá, ajá)
Yo no compito, cabrones, yo solo mejoro

[Verso 1: Yubeili]
Jugando con flow (Wuh), de México siendo la new
Estamos formando la crew (Ajá)
En esto somos few, bitches en Malibú (Ey)
Que le meto cabrón, bitch I already knew
Energy full, somos los bulls
Sobra el skill no le llegan al fuel (Ah-ah)
En cautiverio buscando la luz (Wuh)
Estoy con DeMasters, ¿con quién estás tú? Ey (Cabrón)
Tengo una cougar buenota como Thalía (Thalía)
Que me iba a pegar, ya lo sabían
I’m a popstar, popstar, fucking like a rockstar
Fumo un Kali Uchis quе me da telepatía
You might also like[Verso 2: Dan García]
I got bitchеs, me cojo a las actrices
Que tú ves en la tele, en mi cama actúan de ho
Luis Miguel es mi teacher, Acapulco en la t-shirt
Tengo sexo en exceso como en Acapulco Shore
Ahora soy Dios, tengo bros, tengo hoes
Tengo drugs, tengo plug, tengo blunts, tengo flow
Tengo tattoos, mon amour, soy tabú
Belcebú dijo que la fama is coming for you
And I got it (Got it), ey
Me imitan y no les sale, no
Guapo y rico no se vale (Ehw)
Le doy vergazos a los haters pa' que de una ya se callen (Prr-prr-prr)

[Puente: Yubeili]
Me pongo violento, al hater que tira lo veo lento
No se mueven, yo hago el movimiento
Contra el pavimento, en cada fuckin' barra yo no miento
Yo soy lo que sigue, lo lamento (Te amo, México)

[Verso 3: Ibarra]
Hace mucho tiempo que me dijeron que no iba a lograr nada, que lo dejara
Me encanta la cara que ponen si dicen: "Ibarra, qué gran pendejada"
Que ahora me apoyen los que me tiraban, si tú no estabas no eres camarada
Pasé de vender nieves en la prepa a ser una estrella, ¿quién lo pensaba? ¿Quién lo pensaba?
Ouh, y ahora me quedo solo, pensando en el sillón (Cabrón)
Que soy el presente y el futuro siempre es hoy (Prr)
No busquen a otro que lo haga mejor que yo
Porque soy yo cuando tengo roto el corazón
Ah, oh, todo el que me tira ya mamó
Dos millones en la nube iCloud
El billete verde me dañó
Pero mi herida pobre sano
Represente mexa de antaño
De la rápido el vidrio empaño
Perdón, pero México gano, bro
[Coro: Yubeili]
Bad bitch on my neck como El Oro (Oro)
Fat ass on my crib, lo decoro (Jaja)
Mac Mic sonando si la follo (Wuh, wuh)
Yo no compito, cabrones, yo solo mejoro (Ah)

[Outro]
DeMasters
CachaiEmbed

Lyrics:
106 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisYou Right Lyrics[Pre-Chorus: Doja Cat]
I got a man, but I want you
I got a man, but I want you
And it's just nerves, it's just dick
Makin' me think 'bout someone new
You know I got so much to say
I try to hide it in my face
And it don't work, you see through
That I just wanna get with you
And you're right

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
You right, I
Got my guy
But I, I
Can't help it, I want you
Said you right, I
Got my guy
But I, I
Can't help it, I want you

[Verse 1: Doja Cat]
I can't stop and look the other way
'Cause I know what could be, babe
And you never feel the same
You'd be thinkin' 'bout it every day
Don't believe in fairytales
But we got our fantasies
And it's me and you, no she
Tryna be all through your sheets
Have you all on top of me
Actin' like it's not that deep
Oh, you could take it out on me
Tell me what it's 'bout to be
Really feel it's bound to bе
I can't tell no one, but they all know
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Doja Cat]
I got a man, but I want you
I got a man, but I want you
And it's just nеrves, it's just dick
Makin' me think 'bout someone new
You know I got so much to say
I try to hide it in my face
And it don't work, you see through
That I just wanna get with you
And you're right

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
You right, I (You right)
Got my guy (You right)
But I, I
Can't help it, I want you
Said you right, I (You right)
Got my guy (You right)
But I, I
Can't help it, I want you

[Verse 2: The Weeknd]
Girl, I want you like you want me too
I feel that energy (Oh yeah)
When you're on top of me (Oh yeah)
I know your man, he ain't controllin' you
But you still hesitate (Oh)
'Cause you choose loyalty (Oh yeah)
And I know your history (Hey)
Met him before your peak (Hey)
He's so connected to that woman that you used to be
But-but-but this sex will cloud your memory
A couple strokes to put it in, then you'll belong to me
[Pre-Chorus: Doja Cat & The Weeknd]
I got a man, but I want you
I got a man, but I want you (Oh)
And it's just nerves, it's just dick
Makin' me think 'bout someone new
You know I got so much to say
I try to hide it in my face
And it don't work, you see through
That I just wanna get with you (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you're right

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
You right, I (Right)
Got my guy (I got my)
But I, I (I)
Can't help it, I want you
Said you right, I (Yeah)
Got my guy (Yeah)
But I, I (Yeah)
Can't help it, I want you65Embed

Lyrics:
152 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoDeutschFrançaisHeat Waves Lyrics[Intro]
(Last night, all I think about is you)
(Don't stop, baby, you can walk through)
(Don't want, baby, think about you)
(You know that I'm never gonna lose)
Road shimmer wigglin' the vision
Heat, heat waves, I'm swimmin' in a mirror
Road shimmer wigglin' the vision
Heat, heat waves, I'm swimmin' in a—

[Chorus]
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now

[Verse 1]
Usually, I put somethin' on TV
So we never think about you and me
But today, I see our reflections clearly
In Hollywood, layin' on the screen
You just need a better life than this
You need somethin' I can never give
Fake water all across the road
It's gone now, the night has come, but
You might also like[Chorus]
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now

[Verse 2]
You can't fight it, you can't breathe
You say somethin' so lovin', but
Now I gotta let you go
You'll be better off in someone new
I don't wanna be alone
You know it hurts me too
You look so broken when you cry
One more and then I say goodbye

[Chorus]
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now
[Bridge]
I just wonder what you're dreamin' of
When you sleep and smile so comfortable
I just wish that I could give you that
That look that's perfectly un-sad
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Heat waves been fakin' me out

[Chorus]
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now
Sometimes, all I think about is you
Late nights in the middle of June
Heat waves been fakin' me out
Can't make you happier now

[Outro]
Road shimmer wigglin' the vision
Heat, heat waves, I'm swimmin' in a mirror
Road shimmer wigglin' the vision
Heat, heat waves, I'm swimmin' in a mirror82Embed

Lyrics:
74 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsDeutschHold On Lyrics[Verse 1]
You know you can call me if you need someone
I'll pick up the pieces if you come undone

[Pre-Chorus]
Painting stars up on your ceiling
'Cause you wish that you could find some feeling, yeah, you
You know you can call me if you need someone

[Chorus]
I need you to hold on
Heaven is a place not too far away
We all know I should be the one
To say we all make mistakes (We all make mistakes)
Take my hand and hold on
Tell me everything that you need to say
'Cause I know how it feels to be someone (Someone)
Feels to be someone who loses their way

[Verse 2]
You're looking for answers in a place unknown
You need the connection but you can't get close (Can't get close)

[Pre-Chorus]
Painting stars up on your ceiling
'Cause you wish that you could find some feeling, yeah, you
You know you can call me if you need someone
You might also like[Chorus]
I need you to hold on (Hold on)
Heaven is a place not too far away (Away, yeah)
We all know I should be the one
To say we all make mistakes (We all make mistakes)
Take my hand and hold on (Oh, oh, oh-woah, oh-woah)
Tell me everything that you need to say
'Cause I know how it feels to be someone
Feels to be someone who loses their way

[Post-Chorus]
Midnight 'til morning
Call if you need somebody
I will be there for you (I will be there for you)
Midnight 'til morning
Call if you need somebody
I will be there for you

[Chorus]
I need you to hold on
Heaven is a place not too far away
We all know I should be the one
To say we all make mistakes (We all make mistakes)
Take my hand and hold on (Hold on)
Tell me everything that you need to say
'Cause I know how it feels to be someone (Ooh, yeah)
Feels to be someone who loses their way
[Post-Chorus]
Midnight 'til morning
Call if you need somebody
I will be there for you (Oh, yeah, yeah)
Midnight 'til morning
Call if you need somebody
I will be there for you28Embed

Lyrics:
52 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoEspañolРусскийPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisفارسیEnglishRomanizationMy Universe Lyrics[콜드플레이, 방탄소년단 "My Universe" 가사]

[Intro: Chris Martin, All]
You (You), you are (You are) my universe
And I (I) just want (Just want) to put you first
And you (You), you are (You are) my universe, and I

[Verse 1: Chris Martin]
In the night, I lie and look up at you
When the morning comes, I watch you rise
There's a paradise they couldn't capture
That bright infinity inside your eyes

[Pre-Chorus: Jung Kook, All, Jung Kook & Chris Martin]
매일 밤 네게 날아가 (가)
꿈이란 것도 잊은 채
나 웃으며 너를 만나 (나)
Never-ending forever, baby

[Chorus: Chris Martin, All]
You (You), you are (You are) my universe
And I (I) just want (Just want) to put you first
And you (You), you are (You are) my universe
And you make my world light up inside

[Verse 2: V, RM, RM & Chris Martin, RM & Jimin]
어둠이 내겐 더 편했었지
길어진 그림자 속에서 (Eyes)
And they said that we can't be togethеr
Because, becausе we come from different sides
You might also like[Chorus: Chris Martin, All]
You (You), you are (You are) my universe
And I (I) just want (Just want) to put you first
And you (You), you are (You are) my universe
And you make my world light up inside

[Post-Chorus: All, Jin]
My universe (Do-do, do-do)
My universe (Do-do, do-do)
My universe (Do-do, do-do)
(You make my world)
You make my world light up inside
Make my world light up inside

[Bridge: j-hope, SUGA]
나를 밝혀주는 건
너란 사랑으로 수 놓아진 별
내 우주의 넌
또 다른 세상을 만들어 주는 걸
너는 내 별이자 나의 우주니까
지금 이 시련도 결국엔 잠시니까
너는 언제까지나 지금처럼 밝게만 빛나줘
우리는 너를 따라 이 긴 밤을 수놓을 거야

[Pre-Chorus: Jung Kook, Jung Kook & Jimin, Chris Martin & Jung Kook]
너와 함께 날아가
When I'm without you, I'm crazy
자 어서 내 손을 잡아
We are made of each other, baby
[Chorus: Chris Martin, All]
You (You), you are (You are) my universe
And I (I) just want (Just want) to put you first (To put you first)
And you (You), you are (You are) my universe
And you make my world light up inside

[Post-Chorus: All]
My universe (Do-do, do-do)
You, you are (You are)
My universe (Do-do, do-do)
I just want (Just want)
My universe
You, you are (You are) my universe, and I
My universe

[Outro: All]
(Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)24Embed

Lyrics:
7 ContributorsRhyme O’Clock Lyrics[Hook: More Or Les and Wordburglar]
It's More Or Les and Wordburg up in the spot
With the speakers turned on and the mics are hot
We got people in the place who came to rock
(Wordburglar:"Hey,yo Les!") Yo Burg!
What's the time on your watch?
Rhyme o'clock
We all up in the spot
With the speakers turned on and the mics are hot
We got people in the place who came to rock
(More Or Les:"Yo Burg!") (Wordburglar:"Yo Les!")
What's the time on your watch?

[Verse 1: Wordburglar]
Rhyme o'clock
We meld minds like Spock
Bubbling like Corona when a lime is dropped
In the wild making noise like when pines get chopped
Moving heads like ladies who's behinds are hot
Designed to rock
Co-sign with props
In an affidavit state and we define the spots
So, why not?
Bring on the next hype bringer
We take him out the ring like your ex-wife's finger
You might also like[More Or Les]
Pick your pain in the ass I'm having bed bugs
I'm itching to get in the track, so can't forget some
Lukewarm radio
Pet that's taking your
Cat for a thinking
As I fly the the steps in
Shallow
Proceed with showtime at the Gallow
To Gallow
We roast like pig on park battle
Metallo
Can't keep your comics 'round me
True reader for real
Ask Wordburgy

[Hook: More Or Les and Wordburglar]

[Verse 2: More Or Les]
Rhyme o'clock
Greenwich mean top-noch digital
When you kids talk sweet, slop songs pitiful
Gag me with spoon
Barf not minimal
Plaque, it sticks to all your syllables
Staying simple for the safest, civilian Syllabubs
For the simian serious
Motherfuck
That I rhyme
Keep it pumping like a big bilge in this building
With the Burg in the business, you bridesmaids aren't brides
We're lyric to the flow
[Wordburglar]
Halifax to Orlando
Run the Millennium like Han or Lando
(More Or Les:"Is that word burglar?")
Yeah, you know it's fam
And I'm down with Sharon/sharing like Lois and Bram
God damn!
Spread new dope rhymes
All over the streets like ED-209
Then we take it national like Peter Mansbridge
And eat all the food in your grand fridge

[Verse3: Wordburglar]
Rhyme o'clock
Are you hurting? stressed?
Cause Burg and Les
Will make you burden-less

[More Or Les]
For sure with Fresh Kils
It's likely not broken
Beat Hammer Time
Like the son of Odin

[Wordburglar]
The super-villains
Forget Loki and Red Skull
We'll leave you more blue
Than a depressed Brett Hull
[More Or Les]
Hall Bridge
Tia Eagle
See no evil
Peanuts
Like bald people feeding beagles

[Wordburglar]
Yo we needn't needles
To get DJ's to scratch this

[More Or Les]
Never sell out

[Wordburglar]
But we always on the backlist

[More Or Les]
Gotta re-up

[Wordburglar]
Before we get torrented

[More Or Les]
Haters gonna hate

[Wordburglar]
But it's really unwarranted

[More Or Les]
Yo, you want some more of this (Uh,yeah)

[Wordburglar and More Or Les]
Good
We knew there was a reason we came up to your hood

[More Or Les]
To rock it non-stop

[Wordburglar]
Keep it hot on stage

[Wordburglar and More Or Les]
And we doing big time
Like the clock on FlavEmbed

Lyrics:
153 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisNeed to Know Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah

[Chorus]
Wanna know what it's like (Like)
Baby, show me what it's like (Like)
I don't really got no type (Type)
I just wanna fuck all night
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah (Oh, ooh, mmm)
Baby, I need to know, mmm (Yeah, need to know)
I just been fantasizin' (Size)
And we got a lotta time (Time)
Baby, come throw the pipe (Pipe)
Gotta know what it's like (Like)
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah
Baby, I need to know, mmm

[Verse 1]
What's your size? (Size)
Add, subtract, divide ('Vide)
Daddy don't throw no curves (Curves)
Hold up, I'm goin' wide (Wide)
We could just start at ten (Ten)
Then we can go to five (Five)
I don't play with my pen (Pen)
I mean what I writе
Yeah-yeah, woah-woah-woah
I just can't help but bе sexual (Oh)
Tell me your schedule (Yeah)
I got a lotta new tricks for you, baby
Just sayin' I'm flexible (I will)
I do what I can to get you off (I will)
Might just fuck him with my makeup on (I will)
Eat it like I need an apron on (Yeah, oh)
Eat it 'til I need to change my thong (Yeah, ayy)
We could do it to your favorite song (Yeah, ayy)
Take a ride into the danger zone
You know my nigga be buggin' me
I just be wonderin' if you can fuck on me better
Itchin' for me like an ugly sweater
Need it in me like a Chuck E. need cheddar
I need to know
See Doja Cat LiveGet tickets as low as $53You might also like[Chorus]
Wanna know what it's like (Like)
Baby, show me what it's like (Like)
I don't really got no type (Type)
I just wanna fuck all night
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah (Oh, ooh, mmm)
Baby, I need to know, mmm (Yeah, need to know)
I just been fantasizin' (Size)
And we got a lotta time (Time)
Baby, come throw the pipe (Pipe)
Gotta know what it's like (Like)
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah
Baby, I need to know, mmm

[Bridge]
You're exciting, boy, come find me
Your eyes told me, "Girl, come ride me"
Fuck that feeling both us fighting
Could he try me? (Yeah) Mmm, most likely

[Verse 2]
Tryna see if you could handle this ass
Prolly give his ass a panic attack
Sorry if I gave a random erection
Prolly thinkin' I'm a telekinetic
Oh, wait, you a fan of the magic?
Poof, pussy like an Alakazam
I heard from a friend of a friend
That that dick was a ten out of ten
I can't stand it, just one night me
Clink with the drink, gimme a sip
Tell me what's your kink, gimme the dick
Spank me, slap me, choke me, bite me (Ew)
Oh, wait, I can take it (Ah)
Give a fuck 'bout what your wifey's sayin' (Yeah)
[Chorus]
Wanna know what it's like (Like)
Baby, show me what it's like (Like)
I don't really got no type (Type)
I just wanna fuck all night
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah (Oh, ooh, mmm)
Baby, I need to know, mmm (Yeah, need to know)
I just been fantasizin' (Size)
And we got a lotta time (Time)
Baby, come throw the pipe (Pipe)
Gotta know what it's like (Like)
Yeah-yeah, oh-woah-woah
Baby, I need to know, mmm117Embed

Lyrics:
74 ContributorsTranslationsRomânăTürkçeHrvatskiEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisDanskI WANNA BE YOUR SLAVE Lyrics[Verse 1]
I wanna be your slave, I wanna be your master
I wanna make your heartbeat run like rollercoasters
I wanna be a good boy, I wanna be a gangster
'Cause you could be the beauty and I could be the monster
I love you since this morning, not just for aesthetic
I wanna touch your body, so fucking electric
I know you're scared of me, you say that I'm too eccentric
I'm crying all my tears and that's fucking pathetic
I wanna make you hungry, then I wanna feed ya
I wanna paint your face like you're my Mona Lisa
I wanna be a champion, I wanna be a loser
I'll evеn be a clown 'cause I just wanna amuse ya
I wanna bе your sex toy, I wanna be your teacher
I wanna be your sin, I wanna be a preacher
I wanna make you love me, then I wanna leave ya
'Cause, baby, I'm your David and you're my Goliath

[Pre-Chorus]
Uh-huh
Mhm, uh-huh

[Chorus]
Because I'm the devil who's searching for redemption
And I'm a lawyer who's searching for redemption
And I'm a killer who's searching for redemption
A motherfucking monster who's searching for redemption
And I'm a bad guy who's searching for redemption
And I'm a blonde girl who's searching for redemption
And I'm a freak that is searching for redemption
A motherfucking monster who's searching for redemption
See Måneskin LiveGet tickets as low as $9You might also like[Verse 2]
I wanna be your slave, I wanna be your master
I wanna make your heartbeat run like rollercoasters
I wanna be a good boy, I wanna be a gangster
'Cause you can be the beauty and I could be the monster
I wanna make you quiet, I wanna make you nervous
I wanna set you free but I'm too fucking jealous
I wanna pull your strings like you're my Telecaster
And if you want to use me, I could be your puppet

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm the devil who's searching for redemption
And I'm a lawyer who's searching for redemption
And I'm a killer who's searching for redemption
A motherfucking monster who's searching for redemption

[Outro]
I wanna be your slave, I wanna be your master73Embed

Lyrics:
52 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschEnglishYonaguni Lyrics[Letra de "Yonaguni"]

[Intro]
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-eh, yeah

[Pre-Coro]
Una noche más y copas de más
Tú no me dejas en paz, de mi mente no te vas

[Coro]
Aunque sé que no debo, ey
Pensar en ti, bebé, pero cuando bebo
Me viene tu nombre, tu cara, tu risa y tu pelo, ey
Dime dónde tú está', que yo por ti cojo un vuelo
Y a Yonaguni le llego, oh
Aunque sé que no debo, ey
Pensar en ti, bebé, pero cuando bebo
Me viene tu nombre, tu cara, tu risa y tu pelo, ey
Dime dónde tú está', que yo por ti cojo un vuelo
Y a Yonaguni le llego, ey

[Verso 1]
No me busque' en Instagram, mami, búscame en casa
Pa' que vea' lo que pasa, ey
Si tú me prueba', te casa', ey
Ese cabrón ni te abraza
Y yo loco por tocarte
Pero ni me atrevo a textearte
Tú con cualquier outfit la parte'
Mami, tú ere' aparte
Shorty, tiene' un culo bien grande, eh
De-Demasia'o grande
Y yo lo tengo estudia'o, ya mismo me gradúo
Y en la cara me lo tatúo
Vi que viste mi story y subiste una pa' mí
Yo que me iba a dormir, ey
En la disco habían mil
Y yo bailando contigo en mi mente
You might also like[Coro]
Aunque sé que no debo
Pensar en ti, bebé, pero cuando bebo
Me viene tu nombre, tu cara, tu risa y tu pelo, ey
Dime dónde tú está', que yo por ti cojo un vuelo
Y a Yonaguni le llego

[Verso 2]
Si me da' tu dirección, yo te mando mil carta'
Si me da' tu cuenta de banco, un millón de peso'
To'a la noche arrodillado a Dio' le rezo
Pa' que ante' que se acabe el año tú me de' un beso
Y empezar el 2023 bien cabrón
Contigo y un blunt
Tú te ve' asesina con ese mahón (¡Wuh!)
Me matas sin un pistolón
Y yo te compro un Banshee
Gucci, Givenchy
Un poodle, un frenchie
El pasto, lo' munchie'
Te canto un mariachi
Me convierto en Itachi, eh

[Puente]
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Bad Bunny, baby, bebé
Bad Bunny, baby, bebé
[Outro]
今日はセックスしたい
でもあなたとだけ
どこにいますか？
どこにいますか？
今日はセックスしたい
でもあなたとだけ
どこにいますか？
どこにいますか？Eh52Embed

Lyrics:
147 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolСрпскиPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisStreets Lyrics[Intro]
I've been goin' through some things (Oh)
I struggle with my inner man (Yeah, yeah)
I hustle, I'll do what I can to get this money
Blaq Tuxedo
Don Dada on the, Don Dada on the beat

[Chorus]
Like you, like you
Like you, ooh
I found it hard to find someone like you
Like you, like you
Send your location, come through

[Post-Chorus]
I can't sleep no more
In my head, we belong
And I can't be without you
Why can't I find no one like you?
I can't sleep no more
In my head, we belong
And I can't be without you
Why can't I find no one like you?

[Verse 1]
Baby, we tried to fight it
We all been there some days
Thought I needed something else
And acted like I was okay
We just had to work it out
And baby, I needed space
Ain't nobody 'round here on your level
You're so far away
You're pouring your heart out
I'm acting like I knew
You held me so down
So down I never grew, oh
I tried to find out
When none of them came through
And now I'm stuck in the middle
And baby had to pull me out, oh
See Doja Cat LiveGet tickets as low as $53You might also like[Chorus]
Like you, like you
Like you, ooh
I found it hard to find someone like you
Like you, like you
Send your location, come through (Yeah)

[Verse 2]
Damn papa, you a rare breed, no comparing
And it's motherfuckin' scary
Tryna keep him 'cause I found him
Let a ho know I ain't motherfuckin' sharing
I could take you to the parents, then to Paris
Plan a motherfuckin' wedding
You the type I wanna marry (Yeah) and keep you merry
I'll put the ring on when you ready
We play our fantasies out in real life ways and
No Final Fantasy, can we end these games though?
You give me energy, make me feel lightweight (Woo)
Like the birds of a feather, baby (Woo)
We real life made for each other (Woo)
And it's hard to keep my cool
When other bitches tryna get with my dude and
When other chickens tryna get in my coop
'Cause you're a one in a million
There ain't no man like you
[Chorus]
Like you, like you
Like you, ooh
I found it hard to find someone like you
Like you, like you
Send your location, come through

[Post-Chorus]
I can't sleep no more
In my head, we belong
And I can't be without you
Why can't I find no one like you?
I can't sleep no more
In my head, we belong
And I can't be without you
Why can't I find no one like you?130Embed

Lyrics:
256 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolСрпскиRomânăPortuguêsPolskiNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)ItalianoΕλληνικάDeutschFrançais​positions Lyrics[Verse 1]
Heaven sent you to me
I'm just hopin’ I don't repeat history

[Pre-Chorus]
Boy, I'm tryna meet your mama on a Sunday
Then make a lotta love on a Monday (Ah, ah)
Never need no (No), no one else, babe
’Cause I'll be

[Chorus]
Switchin' them positions for you
Cookin' in the kitchen and I'm in the bedroom
I'm in the Olympics, way I'm jumpin' through hoops
Know my love infinite, nothin’ I wouldn’t do
That I won't do, switchin’ for you

[Verse 2]
Perfect, perfect
You're too good to be true (You're too good to be true)
But I get tired of runnin', fuck it
Now, I’m runnin' with you (With you)

[Pre-Chorus]
Said, boy, I'm tryna meet your mama on a Sunday
Then make a lotta love on a Monday (Ah, ah)
Never need no (No), no onе else, babe
'Causе I'll be
You might also like[Chorus]
Switchin' them positions for you
Cookin' in the kitchen and I'm in the bedroom
I'm in the Olympics, way I'm jumpin' through hoops
Know my love infinite, nothin' I wouldn't do
That I won't do, switchin' for you
Cookin' in the kitchen and I'm in the bedroom
I'm in the Olympics, way I'm jumpin' through hoops
Know my love infinite, nothin' I wouldn't do (Nothin')
That I won't do, switchin' for you

[Bridge]
This some shit that I usually don't do (Yeah)
But for you, I kinda, kinda want to (Mmm)
'Cause you're down for me and I'm down too (And I'm down too)
Yeah, I'm down too
Switchin' the positions for you
This some shit that I (Yeah) usually don't do (Don't do)
But for you, I kinda, kinda want to (Mmm)
'Cause you're down for me and I'm down too ('Cause you're down for me)

[Chorus]
Switchin' them positions for you
Cookin' in the kitchen and I'm in the bedroom
I'm in the Olympics, way I'm jumpin' through hoops (Jumpin', jumpin')
Know my love infinite, nothin' I wouldn't do
That I won't do, switchin' for you (Ooh woah)
Cookin' in the kitchen and I'm in the bedroom
I'm in the Olympics, way I'm jumpin' through hoops
Know my love infinite, nothin' I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do)
That I won't do, switchin' for you
[Outro]
Yeah
Ah, yeah
Ah (Ah), yeah227Embed

Lyrics:
168 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisMagyarItalianoDanskChinese Traditional​traitor Lyrics[Intro]
Ooh-ooh-ooh
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah

[Verse 1]
Brown guilty eyes and little white lies, yeah
I played dumb, but I always knew
That you talked to her, maybe did even worse
I kept quiet so I could keep you

[Pre-Chorus]
And ain't it funny how you ran to her
The second that we called it quits?
And ain't it funny how you said you were friends?
Now it sure as hell don't look like it

[Chorus]
You betrayed me
And I know that you'll never feel sorry
For the way I hurt, yeah
You talked to her when we were together
Loved you at your worst, but that didn't matter
It took you two weeks to go off and date her
Guess you didn't cheat, but you're still a traitor

[Verse 2]
Now you bring her around just to shut me down
Show her off like she's a new trophy
And I know if you were true, there's no damn way that you
Could fall in love with somebody that quickly
See Olivia Rodrigo LiveGet tickets as low as $149You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
And ain't it funny? All the twisted games
All the questions you used to avoid
Ain't it funny? Remember I brought her up
And you told me I was paranoid?

[Chorus]
You betrayed me
And I know that you'll never feel sorry
For the way I hurt, yeah
You talked to her when we were together
Loved you at your worst, but that didn't matter
It took you two weeks to go off and date her
Guess you didn't cheat, but you're still a traitor

[Bridge]
(Ah-ah-ah)
God, I wish that you had thought this through
Before I went and fell in love with you
(Ah-ah-ah)
When she's sleepin' in the bed we made
Don't you dare forget about the way

[Chorus]
You betrayed me
'Cause I know that you'll never feel sorry
For the way I hurt, yeah
You talked to her when we were together
You gave me your word, but that didn't matter
It took you two weeks to go off and date her
Guess you didn't cheat, but you're still, you're still a traitor
(Ah-ah-ah)
Yeah, you're still a traitor
[Outro]
Ooh-ooh-ooh
God, I wish that you had thought this through
Before I went and fell in love with you129Embed

Lyrics:
194 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolСрпскиRomânăPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیУкраїнськаРусский​willow Lyrics[Verse 1]
I'm like the water when your ship rolled in that night
Rough on the surface, but you cut through like a knife
And if it was an open-shut case
I never would've known from that look on your face
Lost in your current like a priceless wine

[Chorus]
The more that you say, the less I know
Wherever you stray, I follow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man

[Verse 2]
Life was a willow and it bent right to your wind
Head on the pillow, I could feel you sneakin' in
As if you were a mythical thing
Like you were a trophy or a champion ring
And there was one prize I'd cheat to win

[Chorus]
The more that you say, the less I know
Wherever you stray, I follow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
You know that my train could take you home
Anywhere else is hollow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
See Taylor Swift LiveGet tickets as low as $105You might also like[Bridge]
Life was a willow and it bent right to your wind
They count me out time and time again
Life was a willow and it bent right to your wind
But I come back stronger than a '90s trend

[Verse 3]
Wait for the signal, and I'll meet you after dark
Show me the places where the others gave you scars
Now this is an open-shut case
I guess I should've known from the look on your face
Every bait-and-switch was a work of art

[Chorus]
The more that you say, the less I know
Wherever you stray, I follow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
You know that my train could take you home
Anywhere else is hollow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
The more that you say, the less I know
Wherever you stray, I follow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
You know that my train could take you home
Anywhere else is hollow
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man
[Outro]
Hey, that's my man
That's my man
Yeah, that's my man
Every bait-and-switch was a work of art
That's my man
Hey, that's my man
I'm begging for you to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's my man108Embed

Lyrics:
41 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschEnglish​love nwantiti (ah ah ah) Lyrics[Intro]
(Tu-tu-tu, tu-tu-tu-tu-tu)
(Tu-tu-tu-tu, tu-tu-tu-tu-tu) Yeah

[Verse 1]
My baby, my valentine, yeah
Girl, na you dey make my temperature dey rise
If you leave me, I go die, I swear
You are like the oxygen I need to survive
I'll be honest
Your loving dey totori me
I am so obsessed
I want to chop your nkwobi

[Pre-Chorus]
Ule, your body dey gbakam isi
Ule, open am make I see
Ule, nyem love nwantiti
Wey fit make a bad man sing "Oh-ahh"

[Chorus]
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
You might also like[Verse 2]
Baby girl, where you from come? Yeah
Your body na follow come, yeah
No be silicon, uh
Baba God e finish work, eh-eh-eh-eh-eh
Without you, I go fit lose my mind
Without you, I go fit fall and die
Without you, I go give all my life
Without you, without you

[Pre-Chorus]
Ule, your body dey gbakam isi
Ule, open am make I see
Ule, nyem love nwantiti
Wey fit make a bad man sing "Oh-ahh"

[Chorus]
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah
Ahh, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah

[Verse 3]
You mean the world to me
You're my living fantasy
I-I-I, I love you
I-I-I put no one above of you
Lover, don't give this love to nobody
Lover, don't call another nigga "honey"
Lover, lover, I wanna be your lover
Forever, forever
[Outro]
Tu-tu-tu, tu-tu-tu-tu-tu
Tu-tu-tu-tu, tu-tu-tu-tu-tu
(Tempoe) CKay, yo12Embed

Lyrics:
189 ContributorsTranslationsPolskiTürkçeEspañolСрпскиAriana Grande - pov (Русский перевод)Norsk (bokmål / riksmål)DeutschFrançaisEestiPortuguês한국어Bahasa IndonesiaMagyar​pov Lyrics[Verse 1]
It's like you got superpowers
Turn my minutes into hours
You got more than 20/20, babe
Made of glass, the way you see through me
You know me better than I do
Can't seem to keep nothing from you
How you touch my soul from the outside
Permeate my ego and my pride

[Chorus]
I wanna love me (Ooh)
The way that you love me (Ooh)
Ooh, for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too
I'd love to see me from your point of view
I wanna trust me (Trust me)
The way that you trust me (Trust me)
Ooh, 'cause nobody ever loved me like you do
I'd love to see me from your point of view

[Verse 2]
I'm gеtting used to receiving
Still gеtting good at not leaving
I'ma love you even though I'm scared (Oh, scared)
Learnin' to be grateful for myself (Oh, oh, oh)
You love my lips 'cause they say the
Things we've always been afraid of
I can feel it startin' to subside
Learnin' to believe in what is mine
You might also like[Chorus]
I wanna love me (Ooh)
The way that you love me (Ooh)
Ooh, for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too
I'd love to see me from your point of view
I wanna trust me (Trust me)
The way that you trust me (Trust me)
Ooh, 'cause nobody ever loved me like you do
I'd love to see me from your point of view

[Bridge]
I couldn't believe it or see it for myself
Know I be impatient
But now I'm out here, fallin', fallin'
Frozen, slowly thawing, got me right
I won't keep you waitin', waitin'
All my baggage fadin' safely (My baggage fadin')
And if my eyes deceive me
Won't let them stray too far away

[Chorus]
I wanna love me (Ooh)
The way that you love me (Ooh)
Ooh, for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too
I'd love to see me from your point of view
I wanna trust me, ooh (Trust me)
The way that you trust me, baby (Trust me)
'Cause nobody ever loved me like you do
I'd love to see me from your point of view (Oh)
Yeah159Embed

Lyrics:
230 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsItalianoDeutschFrançaisفارسیBuild a Bitch Lyrics[Chorus]
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
You don't get to pick and choose
Different ass and bigger boobs
If my eyes are brown or blue
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
I'm filled with flaws and attitude
So if you need perfect, I'm not built for you (Yeah)

[Verse 1]
Bob the Builder broke my heart
Told me I need fixing
Said that I'm just nuts and bolts
Lotta parts were missing
Curvy like a cursive font
Virgin and a vixen
That's the kind of girl he wants
But he forgot

[Chorus]
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
You don't get to pick and choose
Different ass and bigger boobs
If my eyes are brown or blue
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
I'm filled with flaws and attitude
So if you need perfect, I'm not built for you (One, two, three, ooh)
You might also like[Post-Chorus]
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la

[Verse 2]
Boys are always playing dolls
Looking for thеir Barbie
They don't look like Kеn at all
Hardly have a heartbeat
Need someone who falls apart
So he can play Prince Charming
If that's the kind of girl he wants
Then he forgot

[Chorus]
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
You don't get to pick and choose
Different ass and bigger boobs
If my eyes are brown or blue
This ain't Build a Bitch (A bitch)
I'm filled with flaws and attitude
So if you need perfect, I'm not built for you (One, two, three)

[Post-Chorus]
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la-la-la77Embed

Lyrics:
247 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolHrvatskiРусскийRomânăPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisहिन्दीUp Lyrics[Intro]
Up, up, up (Ayy), up (Uh), up, look (This is fire)
Once upon a time, man, I heard that I was ugly
Came from a bitch who nigga wanna fuck on me

[Refrain]
I said my face bomb, ass tight
Racks stack up Shaq height
Jewelry on me, flashlight
I been lit since last night
Hit him with that good good
Make a nigga act right
Broke boys don't deserve no pussy
(I know that's right)

[Pre-Chorus]
Big bag bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga
Man, Balenciaga Bardi back and all these bitches fucked
It's big bags bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga, man
Birkin bag, Bardi back and all you bitches fucked
[Chorus]
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh (Ayy)
Up, then it's up, if it's up, then it's stuck (Huh)
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh (Woo)
You might also like[Verse 1]
I could make the party hot, I could make your body rock
Bitches say they fuckin' with me, chances are they probably not
If I had a dick, you'd probably lick it like a lollipop
Hoes speakin' cap-enese, hit 'em with karate chop
I'm forever poppin' shit, pullin' up and droppin' shit
Gotta argue with him 'cause a nigga love a toxic bitch
Niggas out here playin', gotta make 'em understand
If ain't no ring on my finger, you ain't goin' on my 'Gram

[Refrain]
I said my face bomb, ass tight (Yeah)
Racks stack up Shaq height (Yeah)
Jewelry on me, flashlight (Huh)
I been lit since last night (Woo)
Hit him with that good good
Make a nigga act right (Ah)
Broke boys don't deserve no pussy
(I know that's right)

[Pre-Chorus]
Big bag bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga
Man, Balenciaga Bardi back and all these bitches fucked (Woo)
It's big bags bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga, man
Birkin bag, Bardi back and all you bitches fucked
[Chorus]
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh (Ayy)
Up, then it's up, if it's up, then it's stuck
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh (Ayy)

[Verse 2]
Bitches ain't fuckin' with me now and I can see why
Dirty-ass, dusty-ass bitch, you got pink eye
Bitches want smoke until I bring it to they doorstep
Tell that bitch back back, breath smell like horse sex (Ha)
Put it on him now, he will never be the same (He won't)
Tatted on my ass 'cause I really like the pain (Ah)
He nutted on my butt, I said, "I'm glad that you came"
If that nigga had a twin, I would let 'em run a train (Skrrt)

[Pre-Chorus]
Big bag bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga
Man, Balenciaga Bardi back and all these bitches fucked (Woo)
It's big bags bussin' out the Bentley Bentayga, man
Birkin bag, Bardi back and all you bitches fucked (Ooh)
[Chorus]
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh (Woo)
Up, then it's up, if it's up, then it's stuck (Woo)
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck, huh
[Outro]
Look, gotta play it safe, huh
No face, no case (Hahaha)181Embed

Lyrics:
41 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsDeutschEnglishDÁKITI Lyrics[Letra de "DÁKITI"]

[Coro: Jhay Cortez]
Baby, ya yo me enteré, se nota cuando me ve'
Ahí donde no has llega'o sabe' que yo te llevaré
Y dime qué quiere' beber, es que tú ere' mi bebé
¿Y de nosotro' quién va a hablar? Si no nos dejamo' ver

[Verso 1: Bad Bunny]
Y a vece' e' Dolce, a vece' Bulgari
Cuando te lo quito despué' de lo' partie'
Las copa' de vino, las libra' de mari
Tú estás bien suelta, yo de safari
Tú muevе' el culo fenomenal
Pa' yo dеvorarte como animal
Si no te ha' venío', yo te vo'a esperar
En mi cama y lo vo'a celebrar

[Pre-Coro: Jhay Cortez & Bad Bunny]
Baby, a ti no me opongo
Y siempre te lo pongo
Y si tú me tira', vamo' a nadar en lo hondo
Si e' por mí te lo pongo
De septiembre hasta agosto
A mí sin cojone' lo que digan tu' amiga'
You might also like[Coro: Bad Bunny & Jhay Cortez]
Ya yo me enteré, se nota cuando me ve'
Ahí donde no ha' llega'o sabe' que yo te llevaré
Y dime qué quiere' beber, e' que tú ere' mi bebé
¿Y de nosotro' quién va a hablar? Si no nos dejamo' ver (¿Me sigue'?)

[Verso 2: Jhay Cortez & Bad Bunny]
Mami, me tiene' juquea'o, sí
Si fuera' la Uru', me tuviese' parquea'o
Dando vuelta' por Condado, contigo siempre arrebata'o
Tú no ere' mi señora, pero
Toma cinco mil, gástalo en Sephora
Louis Vuitton, ya no compra en Pandora
Como piercing, a los hombre' perfora, eh-eh-eh

[Puente: Bad Bunny & Jhay Cortez]
Hace tiempo le rompieron el cora (El cora)
Estudiosa, puesta pa' ser doctora (Doctora)
Pero (Pero), le gustan los títere' wheeleando motora (Motora)
Yo estoy pa' ti las veinticuatro hora'

[Pre-Coro: Jhay Cortez & Bad Bunny, Ambos]
Baby, a ti no me opongo
Y siempre te lo pongo (-pre te lo pongo)
Y si tú me tira', vamo' a nadar en lo hondo (Nadar en lo hondo)
Si es por mí te lo pongo
De septiembre hasta agosto
Y a mí sin cojone' lo que digan tu' amiga'
[Coro: Bad Bunny & Jhay Cortez]
Ya yo me enteré, se nota cuando me ve'
Ahí donde no ha' llega'o sabe' que yo te llevaré
Y dime qué quiere' beber, e' que tú ere' mi bebé
¿Y de nosotro' quién va a hablar? Si no nos dejamo' ver

[Outro: Bad Bunny]
Y a vece' e' Dolce, a vece' Bulgari
Cuando te lo quito despué' de lo' partie'
La' copa' de vino, las libra' de mari
Tú estás bien suelta, yo de safari
Tú mueve' el culo fenomenal
Pa' yo devorarte como animal
Si no te ha' venío', yo te vo'a esperar
En mi cama y lo vo'a celebrar74Embed

Lyrics:
3 ContributorsNew Music Friday 1/29/21 LyricsBaila Conmigo (with Rauw Alejandro) - Selena Gomez
You (with Marshmello & Vance Joy) - benny blanco
Finesse Out The Gang Way (feat. Lil Baby) - Lil Durk
Agua de Jamaica - Maluma
Gravity (feat. Tyler, The Creator) - Brent Faiyaz
Holy Water - Lil Mosey
Higher (feat. iann dior) - Clean Bandit
Tonight Tonight - Celeste
Hope - Arlo Parks
IDWK - 347aidan
Don't Judge Me - FKA twigs
"BOP" - CJ
GFU (feat. Yung Kayo) - Young Stoner Life
Loco - Anitta
All You Ever Wanted - Rag'n'Bone Man
Bandaid On A Bullet Hole - Bonus - Morgan Wallen
Last Day In - Kodak Black
TIRED - Jack Kays
Tarantino - Araya
LET'S GET MARRIED - PARTYNEXTDOOR
help herself - bbno$
Cry Over Boys - Alexander 23
Immune - Jensen McRae
DJ - Sam Dew
STAR (feat. Erica Banks) - Yella Beezy
proud - ssgkobe
Vintage - Blu DeTiger
Stronger (feat. Kesha) - Sam Feldt
Wingman - Boys World
lonely & pathetic - LØLØ
Only a Matter of Time - Joshua Bassett
Parking Spot - PRETTYMUCH
Broken - Jonah Kagen
She's Mine - Lauren Weintraub
Stressed - Lonely God
Dolphin - Payday
It's Time To Rock - Tes X
Grapes Of Wrath - Weezer
Seize the Power - YONAKA
Sex With Me - TRAMP STAMPS
All I Need - Verzache
Rounds - 2KBABY
FIX URSELF! - JPEGMAFIA
Big League - O.T. Genasis
If You Know You Know (feat. Moneybagg Yo) - Babyface Ray
california world - Lil Peep
change ur mind - Sarcastic Sounds
Momma Always Told Me (feat. Stanaj & Yung Bae) - Mike Posner
Homicide - Slimelife Shawty
Bounty - Rexx Life Raj
Know The Rules - Tokyo Jetz
i'm drunk and i miss you still (feat. 1nonly & lilbubblegum) - Savage Ga$p
Look at the Sky - Porter Robinson
Sorry (feat. ISÁK) - Alan Walker
World League - AMA
Fellowship - serpentwithfeet
Itsy Bitsy - Lyn Lapid
Canary Islands - Goth Babe
You Don't Own Me - Pale Waves
C'est La Vie - The Killers
Somebody - Yuno
Sunny - Artemas
Hypocrite - Trapboy Freddy
This That Shit - Haiti Babii
What U Want - Caleborate
Feelin' Me - Marzz
American Mood - JoJo
We All Have (feat. Matt Berninger) - Julia Stone
Stuck Here Without You - yaeow
Two for 2 - For Dilla - Madlib
FYO - MICHELLE
Lucky - Nasty Cherry
Girlfriend - Rebecca Black
Tu Verdad (with Cazzu) - Dylan Fuentes
Hood Dreams - LBS Kee'vin
Add It Up - Bankroll Freddie
City of The Rose - Katori Walker
ANTI QUEEN - Bri Steves
Tigress & Tweed (Music from the Motion Picture "The United States vs. Billie Holiday") - Andra Day
Do With Me What You Want - NASRI
Baby Who - Michael Brun
Colours - Hayla
Run It Up - Seeb
Never Never Never - Baio
live forever - almost monday
Everything We Need - A Day To Remember
O.N.E. - King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard
under - Jeris Johnson
[Little Booties Matter - Wes Period]x
Lose My Mind - TruCarr
Stackin It (with Gunna) - Nechie
Into The Unknown - Don Diablo
Waiting for Rain - SEU Worship
Heart On Fire - Eric Church
Morning Prayer - Langhorne Slim
[Message in a Bottle - Lakeview]x
Heavy - Rosie Darling
lost - edit - Daniel Briskin
Ten Feet Tall - Charlie Hickey
Meet Me - 5am2Embed

Lyrics:
83 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsDeutschفارسیதமிழ்日本語ItalianoShivers Lyrics[Verse 1]
I took an arrow to the heart
I never kissed a mouth that tastes like yours
Strawberries and then somethin' more
Ooh, yeah, I want it all
Lipstick on my guitar
Fill up the engine, we can drive real far
Go dancin' underneath the stars
Ooh, yeah, I want it all
Mmm, you got me feelin' like

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna be that guy, I wanna kiss your eyes
I wanna drink that smile, I wanna feel like I'm
Like my soul's on fire, I wanna stay up all day and all night
Yeah, you got me singin' like

[Chorus]
Ooh, I love it when you do it like that
And when you're close up, give mе the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til thе sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back
And we'll say, "Ooh, I love it when you do it like that"
And when you're close up, give me the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til the sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back
[Verse 2]
Into the car
On the backseat in the moonlit dark
Wrap me up between your legs and arms
Ooh, I can't get enough
You know you could tear me apart
Put me back together and take my heart
I never thought that I could love this hard
Ooh, I can't get enough
Mmm, you got me feelin' like

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna be that guy, I wanna kiss your eyes
I wanna drink that smile, I wanna feel like I'm
Like my soul's on fire, I wanna stay up all day and all night
Yeah, you got me singin' like

[Chorus]
Ooh, I love it when you do it like that
And when you're close up, give me the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til the sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back
And we'll say, "Ooh, I love it when you do it like that"
And when you're close up, give me the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til the sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back
See Ed Sheeran LiveGet tickets as low as $57You might also like[Bridge]
Baby, you burn so hot, you make me shiver
With the fire you got, this thing we started
I don't want it to stop
You know you make me shiver-er-er
Baby, you burn so hot, you make me shiver
With the fire you got, this thing we started
I don't want it to stop
You know you make me shiver
Yeah, you got me singin' like

[Chorus]
Ooh, I love it when you do it like that
And when you're close up, give me the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til the sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back (Oh, no)
And we'll say, "Ooh, I love it when you do it like that"
And when you're close up, give me the shivers
Oh, baby, you wanna dance 'til the sunlight cracks
And when they say the party's over, then we'll bring it right back, hey23Embed

Lyrics:
188 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolСрпскиPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschفارسیNederlandsSolar Power Lyrics[Verse 1]
I hate the winter, can't stand the cold
I tend to cancel all the plans (So sorry, I can't make it)
But when the heat comes, something takes a hold
Can I kick it? Yeah, I can
[Pre-Chorus]
My cheeks in high colour, overripe peaches
No shirt, no shoes, only my features
My boy behind me, he's taking pictures
Lead the boys and girls onto the beaches
Come one, come all, I'll tell you my secrets
I'm kinda like a prettier Jesus

[Chorus]
Forget all of thе tears that you've cried
It's ovеr (Over, over, over, over)
It's a new state of mind
Are you coming, my baby?

[Verse 2]
Acid green, aquamarine
The girls are dancing in the sand
And I throw my cellular device in the water
Can you reach me? No, you can't (Aha)
You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
My cheeks in high colour, overripe peaches
No shirt, no shoes, only my features
My boy behind me, he's taking pictures (He's taking pictures)
Lead the boys and girls onto the beaches
Come one, come all, I'll tell you my secrets
I'm kinda like a prettier Jesus

[Chorus]
Turn it on in a new kind of bright
It's solar (Solar, solar, solar, solar, solar)
Come on and let the bliss begin
Blink three times when you feel it kicking in

[Outro]
That solar-olar-olar power
Solar-olar-olar power
Solar-olar-olar power
Solar-olar-olar power
Solar-olar-olar power
Solar-olar-olar power103Embed

Lyrics:
81 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsPolski日本語ItalianoDeutschFrançaisWe’re Good Lyrics[Verse 1]
I'm on an island, even when you're close
Can't take the silence, I'd rather be alone

[Pre-Chorus]
I think it's pretty plain and simple, we gave it all we could
It's time I wave goodbye from the window
Let's end this like we should and say we're good

[Chorus]
We're not meant to be, like sleeping and cocaine
So let's at least agree to go our separate ways
Not gonna judge you when you're with somebody else
As long as you swear you won't be pissed when I do it myself
Let's end it like we should and say we're good

[Verse 2]
No need to hide it, go get what you want
This won't be a burden if we both don't hold a grudge

[Pre-Chorus]
I think it's pretty plain and simple, we gave it all we could
It's time I wave goodbye from the window
Let's end this like we should and say we're good

[Chorus]
We're not meant to be, like sleeping and cocaine
So let's at least agree to go our separate ways
Not gonna judge you when you're with somebody else
As long as you swear you won't be pissed when I do it myself
Let's end it like we should and say we're good
You might also like[Bridge]
Now you're holding this against me like I knew you would
I'm trying my best to make this easy
So don't give me that look, just say we're good

[Chorus]
We're not meant to be, like sleeping and cocaine
(Like sleeping and cocaine)
So let's at least agree to go our separate ways
(To go our separate ways, oh)
Not gonna judge you when you're with somebody else
As long as you swear you won't be pissed when I do it myself
Let's end it like we should and say we're good48Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 4/30/21 LyricsBillie Eilish - Your Power
DJ Khaled - I DID IT (feat. Post Malone, Megan Thee Stallion, Lil Baby & DaBaby)
girl in red - Body And Mind
The Kid LAROI - WITHOUT YOU (with Miley Cyrus)
Machine Gun Kelly - love race (feat. Kellin Quinn)
Lil Baby - On Me (Remix) (with Megan Thee Stallion)
Baby Keem - durag activity (with Travis Scott)
Olivia Rodrigo - Even When/The Best Part - From "High School Musical: The Musical: The Series (Season 2)"
Bebe Rexha - Die For a Man (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Anitta - Girl From Rio
DJ Khaled - LET IT GO (feat. Justin Bieber & 21 Savage)
Joyner Lucas - Ramen & OJ
Twenty One Pilots - Chokеr
Julia Michaels - Little Did I Know
Alec Bеnjamin - The Way You Felt
WILLOW - t r a n s p a r e n t s o u l feat.Travis Barker
Jack Larsen - Saving Grace
Cake Pop - Boom
Nio Garcia - Sin Panty
NLE Choppa - Final Warning
Gucci Mane - Shit Crazy (feat. BIG30)
Still Woozy - Kenny
Joy Oladokun - sorry isn't good enough
Adam Melchor - Light Year (feat. Lennon Stella)
Daya - Montana
Thomas Rhett - More Time Fishin’
Burna Boy - Kilometre
Lil Eazzyy - Why
Morray - Can’t Use Me
21 Savage - Spiral
Shelley FKA DRAM - All Pride Aside with Summer Walker
AG Club - QUESO
ITZY - In the morning
Royal Blood - Oblivion
The Marías - Hush
Rag'n'Bone Man - Crossfire
Jessie Ware - Please - Single Edit
Louis The Child - So What (with A R I Z O N A)
Afrojack - Hero
Cali Y El Dandee - Despiértate
Lil Skies - My Baby (feat. Zhavia Ward)
Yung Baby Tate - Eenie Meenie
Tiny Meat Gang - Daddy (feat. Quinn XCII)
Max Leone - Escape
PnB Rock - Need Somebody
Justine Skye - Twisted Fantasy
Vedo - For Me
contradash - 222pm
Marc E. Bassy - Atmosphere
Charlie Houston - 19
ZHU - Yours
Diplo - One By One (feat. Elderbrook & Andhim)
Priscilla Block - Heels In Hand
Mitchell Tenpenny - To Us It Did
Jillian Rossi - Fever Dream
Bow Anderson - Hate That I Fell In Love With You
Carin Leon - More Than Words - Spotify Singles
spill tab - Anybody Else
Jordan Suaste - Hookup Culture
Snøw - Spilled My Coffee (feat. Rxseboy & Jack Cullen)
Manchester Orchestra - Telepath
Lord Huron - I Lied (with Allison Ponthier)
Crumb - Gone
Chiiild - Gone
LoveLeo - TUNG TIED
Yung Bae - Woman On The Moon (feat. UPSAHL)
SIDEPIECE - Acrobatic
bennytheghost - Papercut
The Alchemist - TV Dinners (feat. Boldy James & Sideshow)
TOBi - Family Matters (feat. Flo Milli)
Mereba - Rider
TINI - Miénteme
Hayley Kiyoko - Found My Friends
44phantom - gray!
Ai Bendr - Coffee
Madeline The Person - I Talk to the Sky
Brynn Cartelli - If I Could
Lily Rose - Overnight Sensation
Elevation Worship - Old Church Basement (feat. Dante Bowe)
Birdy - The Otherside
Niko Rubio - You Could Be The One
Britton - To My Younger Self
Terrell Hines - Who Do You Love?
Wavy Navy Pooh - Money On My Head
Tru Carr - Beat It Up
OCTAVIO the Dweeb - Someday I'll Be Happy
JayXander - Stuck in the Burbs
sunsetto - don't leave
Leo Bhanji - Damaged
kmoe - gloves
Lunay - LE GUSTA QUE LA VEAN
CLOVES - Nightmare
Amy Shark - Worst Day of My Life
Elley Duhé - Kids Of The Night
KUČKA - Your World
FRVRFRIDAY - OKAY (feat. Vory)
Kuttem Reese - No Statements (feat. Lil Durk)
Spice - Go Down Deh (feat. Shaggy and Sean Paul)
kryptogram - OlvidarEmbed

Lyrics:
84 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguês​late at night Lyrics[Intro]
Late at night
Kiss me in the mornin', late at night
Catch me drivin' down 405
Catch me and your girl late at night, side to side
Mustard on the beat, ho

[Chorus]
Late at night
Kiss me in the mornin' or late at night
Long as you come through
I'ma make you cum over and over
I'ma treat you like I'm 'posed to
You better never make no time for these niggas
'Cause when I ride, I'ma ride, ride with you

[Verse 1]
I can't fuck with nobody
I can't keep livin' like this, I can't
I tell her what it is and I tell her what it ain't
She know that I been all in her walls like I paint
Told her at times I wanna give you trust, but I can't
Bitch, I really got it out the mud, climbin' up the ranks
When they see me outside, I'm a high roller
I've been on a global jet, but nigga, I fly solo
And I got the Gucci splattered all on her knick-knacks
Fifty racks, I'm 'bout to break her off like a KitKat
And her purse got F's like the wheels on the 'Bach
I just fucked off a million, but I still got a sack
Shorty know that I'm the realest, she know I be speakin' facts
She know that I'm the same nigga that was pushin' 'Cat
She know I got the game, but I'm never gon' give it back
Every time that we fuck, I gotta run it back
You might also like[Chorus]
Late at night
Kiss me in the mornin' or late at night
Long as you come through
I'ma make you cum over and over
I'ma treat you like I'm 'posed to
You better never make no time for these niggas
'Cause when I ride, I'ma ride, ride with you

[Verse 2]
I told shorty never get too comfortable
I like to feel like the pussy untouchable
I like to feel like it's never goin' one way
I like to see your body drippin' Eliantte
I say I like the way I took ya' on a wave
I had you screamin' my name out

[Chorus]
Late at night
Kiss me in the mornin' or late at night
Long as you come through
I'ma make you cum over and over
I'ma treat you like I'm 'posed to
You better never make no time for these niggas
'Cause when I ride, I'ma ride, ride with you
[Outro]
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride29Embed

Lyrics:
198 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoTürkçeFrançaisDeutschCalling My Phone Lyrics[Chorus: Lil Tjay]
Steady callin' my phone
I done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone
Know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
Dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
I won't go back
But trust me, you're gon' hold that
Hold that (Mmm, mmm)

[Post-Chorus]
Get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm)
I can't get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm)

[Verse 1: Lil Tjay]
I ain't tryna play these games no more
I don't wanna be textin' your name no more
I ain't tryna feel this pain no more
Girl, I'm sorry, but my feelings ain't the same no more (No)
Used to be my homie, you ain't gang no more (No)
I am not a nigga you could claim no more (No)
Traumatized, hoping it don't rain no more
You done put me through some things that done changed my aura
Now all around the world, I explore, no Dora
New bitch, I might drip her in Dior
Ass fat, shawty straight heat, no Florida
Bad and she do it for herself, I applaud her
No needs, yeah, I'm talkin' my boo
So please, leave me alone I'm through
And it's all 'cause what you started
I been told you you gon' lose (Mmm)
You might also like[Chorus: Lil Tjay & 6LACK]
Steady callin' my phone (Brrt)
I done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone
Know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
Dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
I won't go back (Go back)
But trust me, you're gon' hold that
Hold that (Mmm, mmm)

[Post-Chorus: 6LACK]
Get you off my mind now (Ooh, wow)
I can't get you off my mind now (Yeah, yeah)
I can't get you off my mind now (My mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm) (Alright)
I can't get you off my mind now (Woah)
I can't get you off my mind now (Woah)
I can't get you off my mind now (Yeah)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm)

[Verse 2: 6LACK]
I ain't tryna play no games, my love
I'm one of a kind, couldn't fake, my love
Earthquake, make somethin' shake, my love
Most of them can't even relate, my love
Used to be gang, oh, now you're not gang
Used to have fun, no, now you got shame
Used to catch flights, but now I'm not playin'
Play on words, she love it when a nigga sing
I ain't tryna play your game no more
No, you can't wear my chain no more
We are not a thing, can't take no more
Waitin' on your king, you could wait some more
Yeah, I remember days when I used to adore her
Funny how this shit just flipped like a quarter
Get a new thing, I'ma Fendi and Dior her
Get a mood swing, I'll be gone by tomorrow (Mmm, mmm)
[Chorus: Lil Tjay & 6LACK]
Steady callin' my phone (Brrt)
I done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone (Yeah, yeah)
Know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
Dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
I won't go back (I won't go back)
But trust me, you're gon' hold that (Hold that)
Hold that (Mmm, mmm)

[Post-Chorus: 6LACK]
Get you off my mind now (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm) (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mind)
I can't get you off my mind now (Yeah)
I can't get you off my mind now (Mmm, mmm)
I can't231Embed

Lyrics:
170 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусский日本語ItalianoDeutschRAPSTAR Lyrics[Intro]
(Shout out my nigga Synco)

[Chorus]
Uh (Tuned up), copped a BMW, new deposit, I picked up another bag
Like fuck it, I'ma count while I'm in it
I hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
Shit, I guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
I ain't jokin', do it sound like I'm kiddin'?
I been makin' like two thousand a minute
So high up through the clouds, I was swimmin'
I'm probably gon' drown when I'm in it
I bet she gon' get loud when I'm in it
And we might have a child when I'm finished

[Verse 1]
Uh, I won't love a ho, after we fuck, she can't get near me
Only bitch I give a conversation to is Siri
My pants Amiri, yes, I'm winnin', clearly
I'm the chosen one, seen my potential, so they fear me
Lately I've been prayin', God, I wonder, can You hear me?
Thinkin' 'bout the old me, I swear I miss you dearly
Stay down 'til you come up, I've been stickin' to that theory
Every day a battle, I'm exhausted and I'm weary
Make sure I smile in public, when alone, my eyes teary
I fought through it all, but that shit hurt me severely
I've been gettin' high to hide behind my insecurities
Takin' different pills, but I know it ain't gon'—
See Polo G LiveGet tickets as low as $88You might also like[Chorus]
Uh, copped a BMW, new deposit, I picked up another bag
Like fuck it, I'ma count while I'm in it
I hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
Shit, I guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
I ain't jokin', do it sound like I'm kiddin'?
I been makin' like two thousand a minute
So high up through the clouds, I was swimmin'
I'm probably gon' drown when I'm in it
I bet she gon' get loud when I'm in it (Uh, uh)
And we might have a child when I'm finished

[Verse 2]
They say I'm Pac rebirth, never put out a weak verse
Homicides when we lurk, I'ma step 'til my feet hurt
Been puttin' them streets first
White tees turned burgundy t-shirts
Lookin' for somethin' real, he stuck in a deep search
Anxiety killin' me, I just want to leave Earth
When they ask if I'm okay, it just make everything seem worse
Try and explain your feelings, sound like something you rehearsed
Stabbed me in my back with a clean smirk
Lookin' so deep into your eyes, I can read your thoughts, so
Shut the fuck—, I mean, please don't talk
I done been through too much and I don't need another loss
Put that on every war scar for every battle I fought
[Chorus]
Uh, copped a BMW, new deposit, I picked up another bag
Like fuck it, I'ma count while I'm in it
I hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
Shit, I guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
I ain't jokin', do it sound like I'm kiddin'?
I been makin' like two thousand a minute
So high up through the clouds, I was swimmin'
I'm probably gon' drown when I'm in it
I bet she gon' get loud when I'm in it
And we might have a child when I'm finished

[Outro]
When I'm finished, when I'm finished190Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsRapCaviar 9/3/21 Lyrics1. Drake - Girls Want Girls (with Lil Baby)
2. Baby Keem - Family Ties (with Kendrick Lamar)
3. Kanye West - Off The Grid
4. Drake - Way 2 Sexy (with Future & Young Thug)
5. Meek Mill - Blue Notes 2 (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
6. Sheff G - On Go (feat. Polo G)
7. Drake - TSU
8. Meek Mill - Sharing Locations (feat. Lil Baby & Lil Durk)
9. Kanye West - Praise God
10. Trippie Redd - Rich MF (feat. Polo G & Lil Durk)
11. Drake - Fair Trade (with Travis Scott)
12. Jack Harlow & Pooh Shiesty - SUVs (Black on Black)
13. Bobby Shmurda - No Time For Sleep (Freestyle)
14. YNW Melly - Mind of Melvin (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
15. Sleepy Hallow - 2055
16. Trippie Redd - Betrayal (feat. Drake)
17. Post Malone - Motley Crew
18. Smiley - Over Thе Top (feat. Drake)
19. Isaiah Rashad - From The Gardеn (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
20. Lil Baby & Lil Durk - Hats Off (feat. Travis Scott)
21. Joyner Lucas & Lil Tjay - Dreams Unfold
22. Trippie Redd - Matt Hardy 999 (feat. Juice WRLD)
23. Kanye West - Hurricane
24. Nardo Wick - Who Want Smoke?
25. Lil Tecca - REPEAT IT (feat. Gunna)
26. The Kid LAROI - NOT SOBER (feat. Polo G & Stunna Gambino)
27. Internet Money - His & Hers (feat. Don Toliver, Gunna & Lil Uzi Vert)
28. Migos - Having Our Way (feat. Drake)
29. Pop Smoke - Bout A Million (feat. 42 Dugg & 21 Savage)
30. Lil Nas X - INDUSTRY BABY (feat. Jack Harlow)
31. Migos - Modern Day
32. Blueface & Og Bobby Billions - Outside (Better Days)
33. Cochise & $NOT - Tell Em
34. G Herbo, Polo G & Lil Tjay - Cry No More
35. Pop Smoke - Tell The Vision (feat. Kanye West & Pusha T)
36. DaBaby - Red Light Green Light
37. Roddy Ricch - Late At Night
38. OHGEESY - Keeper (feat. A Boggie Wit da Hoodie)
39. Kodak Black - Feelin' Peachy
40. DaBaby - Ball If I Want To
41. Young Thug - Tick Tock
42. Lil Tecca - CHOPPA SHOOT THE LOUDEST (feat. Chief Keef & Trippie Redd)
43. Rod Wave - Already Won (feat. Lil Durk)
44. Belly & The Weeknd - Die For It (feat. Nas)
45. Remble - Touchable
46. BIA - WHOLE LOTTA MONEY (feat. Nicki Minaj) (Remix)
47. Doja Cat - Options (feat. JID)
48. Coi Leray - At The Top (with Kodak Black & Mustard)
49. Megan Thee Stallion - Thot Shit
50. Tyler, The Creator - WUSYANAME (feat. Youngboy Never Broke Again & Ty Dolla $ign)Embed

Lyrics:
121 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschWhoopty Lyrics[Intro]
Heavy on the SSO shit, man
Loyalty over royalty, y'all niggas know the vibes
Pxcoyo killed this beat, bitch

[Chorus]
Whoopty
Bitch, I'm outside, it's a movie (Whoopty), huh
Blue cheese
I swear I'm addicted to blue cheese
I gotta stick to this paper like loose leaf (Huh)
Bitch, I'm 'bout my chicken like it's a two-piece
You can have your bitch back, she a groupie
She just swallowed all my kids in the two-seat (Gag)
Swagged out
For Milly, we bringing them gats out
I still got some racks stuffed in the trap house
Off the '42, I'm blowing her back out (Blowing her back out)
I'm back on ‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎my bullshit, swing back with a full clip
They say I'm moving ruthless
And my shootеrs, they shootin'
I won't take her to Ruth's Chris (And my shootеrs, they shootin'), damn

[Verse]
I get the breesh, then it's adiós
If I'm with your treesh, then she's giving throat
When I see police, then we getting low (When I see police)
That's another piece, that's another Zoe
Ice in the VV's, now she's down to get treeshy (Ice in the VV's)
I got all this water on me like FIJI
Bitch, I'm posted up with Hats and the Sleezys
Smokin' the Zaza, it goes straight to the māthā
Then I'm uppin' the choppa
I'm hittin' the cha-cha, open his lata
Then he dancin' bachata
You might also like[Bridge]
Smokin' the Zaza, it goes straight to the māthā
Then I'm uppin' the choppa
I'm hittin' the cha-cha, then I open his lata
Then he dancin' bachata

[Chorus]
Whoopty
Bitch, I'm outside, it's a movie (Whoopty), huh
Blue cheese
I swear I'm addicted to blue cheese
I gotta stick to this paper like loose leaf (Huh)
Bitch, I'm 'bout my chicken like it's a two-piece
You can have your bitch back, she a groupie
She just swallowed all my kids in the two-seat (Gag)
Swagged out
For Milly, we bringing them gats out (Gat)
I still got some racks stuffed in the trap house
Off the '42, I'm blowing her back out (Blowing her back out)
I'm back on my bullshit, swing back with a full clip
They say I'm moving ruthless
And my shooters, they shootin'
I won't take her to Ruth's Chris (And my shooters, they shootin', ayy)

[Outro]
Swagged out
For Milly, we bringing them gats out
I still got some racks stuffed in the trap house
Off the 42, I'm blowing her back out (Blowing her back out)
I'm back on my bullshit, swing back with a full clip
They say I'm moving ruthless
And my shooters, they shootin'
I won't take her to Ruth's Chris (And my shooters, they shootin')42Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorTop canciones de 2021: España Lyrics Top canciones de 2021: España1.  "Dakiti" - Bad Bunny
2.  "Todo De Ti" - Rauw Alejandro
3.  "Tú Me Dejaste De Querer" - C. Tangana
4.  "LA NOCHE DE ANOCHE" - Bad Bunny
5.  "La Nota" - Manuel Turizo
6.  "Pareja Del Año" - Sebastián Yatra
7.  "Bandido" - Myke Towers
8.  "Hecha Pa Mí" - Boza
9.  "Yonaguni" - Bad Bunny
10. "Vida de Rico" - Camilo
11. "Qué Más Pues?" - J Balvin
12. "Loco" - Justin Quiles
13. "Fiel" - Los Legendarios
14. "911" - Sech
15. "BICHOTA" - KAROL G
16. "Hawái" - Maluma
17. "Pepas" - Farruko
18. "A Un Paso De La Luna" - Ana Mena
19. "Reloj" - Rauw Alejandro
20. "Ella No Es Tuya (Remix)" - Rochy RD
21. "Despeinada" - Ozuna
22. "Demasiadas Mujeres" - C. Tangana
23. "La Historia" - El Taiger
24. "Cúrame" - Rauw Alejandro
25. "Tiroteo (Remix)" - Marc Segui
26. "Baila Conmigo" - Selena Gomez
27. "2/Catorce" - Rauw Alejandro
28. "Flamenco y Bachata" - Daviles de Novelda
29. "Tattoo (Remix with Camilo)" - Rauw Alejandro
30. "Polvo" - Nicky Jam
31. "Me Fijé" - Alex Rose
32. "Ingobernable" - C. Tangana
33. "Mon Amour (Remix)" - zzoilo
34. "Miénteme" - TINI
35. "UN DIA (ONE DAY)" - J Balvin
36. "Blinding Lights" - The Weeknd
37. "Relación (Remix) [feat. ROSALÍA & Farruko]" - Sech
38. "Chica Ideal" - Sebastián Yatra
39. "BEBÉ" - Camilo
40. "Solo" - Omar Montes
41. "Aloha (feat. Darell, Mambo Kingz & DJ Luian)" - Maluma
42. "Enchule" - Rauw Alejandro
43. "Del Mar" - Ozuna
44. "Volando (Remix)" - Mora
45. "AM" - Nio García
46. "De Cora <3" - Rauw Alejandro
47. "La Curiosidad" - Jay Wheeler
48. "FULANITO" - Becky G.
49. "EL MAKINÓN" - KAROL G
50. "Juramento eterno de sal" - Alvaro De Luna
51. "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)" - Lil Nas X
52. "Una Locura" - Ozuna
53. "drivers license" - Olivia Rodrigo
54. "Volví" - Aventura
55. "TE MUDASTE" - Bad Bunny
56. "AM Remix" - Nio García
57. "Nathy Peluso: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 36" - Bizarrap
58. "Mi Niña" - Los Legendarios
59. "Antes" - Anuel AA
60. "No Te Enamores (Remix) [feat. Jay Wheeler & Amenazzy]" - Milly
61. "Millones" - Camilo
62. "Peaches (feat. Daniel Caesar & GIVĒON)" - Justin Bieber
63. "Explícito" - Myke Towers
64. "Blin Blin" - Bad Gyal
65. "Ram Pam Pam" - Natti Natasha
66. "La Niña de la Escuela" - Lola Índigo
67. "512" - Mora
68. "good 4 u" - Olivia Rodrigo
69. "Bad Habits" - Ed Sheeran
70. "Corazón Sin Vida" - Aitana
71. "Hasta Que Dios Diga" - Anuel AA
72. "Tusa" - KAROL G
73. "Watermelon Sugar" - Harry Styles
74. "STAY" - The Kid LAROI
75. "Sexo Virtual" - Rauw Alejandro
76. "Friday (feat. Mufasa & Hypeman) [Dopamine Re-Edit]" - Riton
77. "Rojo" - J Balvin
78. "Sobrio" - Maluma
79. "positions" - Ariana Grande
80. "Nunca Estoy" - C. Tangana
81. "911 (Remix)" - Sech
82. "Se iluminaba" - Fred De Palma
83. "Fan de Tus Fotos" - Nicky Jam
84. "Mood (feat. iann dior)" - 24kGoldn
85. "CÓMO SE SIENTE (Remix)" - Jhayco
86. "Save Your Tears" - The Weeknd
87. "Madrid" - Maluma
88. "La Tóxica (feat. Jay Wheeler & Tempo) [Remix]" - Farruko
89. "Favorito" - Camilo
90. "LOCATION" - KAROL G
91. "La Curiosidad (Blue Grand Prix Remix) [feat. DJ Nelson, JHAYCO, Lunay & Kendo Kaponi, feat. DJ Nelson, Jhay Cortez, Lunay & Kendo Kaponi]" - Jay Wheeler
92. "Caramelo (Remix)" - Ozuna
93. "Travesuras (Remix) [feat. Wisin & Yandel, Myke Towers & Flow La Movie]" - Nio García
94. "Nicky Jam: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 41" - Bizarrap
95. "Kiss Me More (feat. SZA)" - Doja Cat
96. "Machu Picchu" - Camilo
97. "Fiel (feat. Los Legendarios & Myke Towers) [Remix]" - Wisin
98. "Bésame" - Luis Fonsi
99. "Levitating (feat. DaBaby)" - Dua Lipa
100. "La Tirita" - Belén AguileraEmbed

Lyrics:
31 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishDeutschLA NOCHE DE ANOCHE Lyrics[Letra de "LA NOCHE DE ANOCHE"]

[Intro: ROSALÍA]
Yo sé que esto no volverá a pasar
Pero si volviera a pasar, sé que sería tu debilidad

[Coro: ROSALÍA & Bad Bunny, Ambos]
Porque la noche de anoche fue
Algo que yo no puedo explicar
Eso era dando y dándole sin parar
Tú me decías que morías por mí
Porque la noche de anoche fue (Eh-eh)
Algo que yo no puedo explicar (Eh-eh)
Eso era dando y dándole sin parar (Eh-eh)
Tú encima de mí, yo encima de ti (Oh-oh)
Eh, eh

[Verso 1: Bad Bunny & ROSALÍA]
Tú me dejaste el cuerpo caliente, infierno
Pero me dejaste el corazón frío, invierno
Soñando que contigo e' que duermo (Duermo)
Dime, papi
Dime, mami
¿Esa noche quién la borra?
Tú me besaste y se me cayó la gorra
Sin mucha labia, sin mucha cotorra
Cuando 'toy contigo dejo que la vibra corra
Y que la luna no' supervise
Con esa boquita suena rico to' lo que tú me dice'
Hicimo' pose' que yo má' nunca hice
Tú te mojaste' pa' que yo me bautice
Y me ponga serio, serio
Tú y yo junto' creando un imperio
Eso' ojito' tienen un misterio
Pero al final na' 'e lo nuestro fue en serio
You might also like[Pre-Coro: Bad Bunny]
Y ya me ha pasa'o que me han ilusiona'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o que me han abandona'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o que no está' a mi la'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o

[Coro: Bad Bunny & ROSALÍA]
Porque la noche de anoche fue (Eh-eh)
Algo que yo no puedo explicar (Eh-eh)
Eso era dando y dándole sin parar (Eh-eh)
Tú encima de mí, yo encima de ti (Oh-oh)
Porque la noche de anoche fue (Eh-eh)
Algo que yo no puedo explicar (Eh-eh)
Eso era dando y dándole sin parar (Eh-eh)
Yo encima de ti, tú encima de mí (Oh-oh)

[Verso 2: ROSALÍA]
Que yo me iría otra vez pa' Japón (Hey)
Papi, qué penita tú, qué maldición (Mmm)
La paleta es dulce, azúcar de algodón (Yeh)
Y es la única que me llega hasta al corazón
Yo no me olvido, la suerte está echada (Bum)
Se me enredaba el pelo en la pantalla
Sabe' que solo lo hago de leyenda (¡Wuh!)
Lo subo al cielo, yo soy su Messiah
El Benito es un diablillo y es un ángel
Lo tengo juquea'o como si fuera tote
Baby, entre nosotro' nunca competimos
Si preguntan dice: "Ella to' los récords bate"
[Pre-Coro: ROSALÍA]
Y ya me ha pasa'o que me han ilusiona'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o que me han abandona'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o que no está' a mi la'o
Y ya me ha pasa'o

[Coro: Bad Bunny & ROSALÍA, Bad Bunny]
Porque la noche de anoche fue (Eh-eh)
Algo que yo no puedo explicar (Eh-eh)
Eso era dando y dándole sin parar (Eh-eh)
Tú encima de mí, yo encima de ti (Oh-oh)
Porque la noche de anoche fue (Eh-eh)
Algo que yo no puedo explicar (Eh-eh)
Eso era dando, dándole sin parar (Eh-eh)
Tú encima de mí, yo encima de ti (Oh-oh)

[Outro: ROSALÍA]
Mmm-jum
Mmm-jum
Mmm-jum28Embed

Lyrics:
92 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsItalianoDeutschفارسیAnyone Lyrics[Verse 1]
Dance with me under the diamonds
See me like breath in the cold
Sleep with me here in the silence
Come kiss me, silver and gold

[Pre-Chorus]
You say that I won't lose you, but you can't predict the future
So just hold on like you will never let go
Yeah, if you ever move on without me
I need to make sure you know that

[Chorus]
You are the only one I'll ever love (I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone (I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Lookin' back on my life, you're the only good I've ever done (Ever done)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone (Anyone)
Not anyone

[Verse 2]
Forever's not enough time to (Oh)
Love you the way that I want (Love you the way that I want)
'Cause every mornin', I'll find you (Oh)
I fear the day that I don't

[Pre-Chorus]
You say that I won't lose you, but you can't predict the future
'Cause certain things are out of our control
Yeah, if you ever move on without me
I need to make sure you know that
You might also like[Chorus]
You are the only one I'll ever love (Only one, I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone (I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Lookin' back on my life, you're the only good I've ever done (I've ever done)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone, it's not anyone

[Bridge]
Not anyone (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
If it's not you, it's not anyone (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Oh yeah, woah

[Chorus]
Yeah, you are the only one I'll ever love (I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone (I gotta tell ya, gotta tell ya)
Lookin' back on my life, you're the only good I've ever done (Ever done)
Yeah, you, if it's not you, it's not anyone35Embed

Lyrics:
58 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolPortuguês日本語ItalianoDeutschفارسیAfterglow Lyrics[Intro]
(One, two)

[Verse 1]
Stop the clocks, it's amazing
You should see the way the light dances off your hair
A million colours of hazel, golden, and red
Saturday morning is fading
The sun's reflected by the coffee in your hand
My eyes are caught in your gaze all over again

[Pre-Chorus]
We were love-drunk, waiting on a miracle
Tryna find ourselves in the winter snow
So alone in love like the world had disappeared
Oh, I won't be silent and I won't let go
I will hold on tighter 'til the afterglow
And we'll burn so bright 'til the darkness softly clears

[Chorus]
Oh, I will hold on to the afterglow
Oh, I will hold on to the afterglow

[Verse 2]
The weather outside's changing
The leaves are buried under six inches of white
The radio is playing Iron & Wine
This is a new dimension
This is a level where we're losing track of time
I'm holding nothing against it, except you and I
See Ed Sheeran LiveGet tickets as low as $57You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
We were love-drunk, waiting on a miracle
Tryna find ourselves in the winter snow
So alone in love like the world had disappeared
Oh, I won't be silent and I won't let go
I will hold on tighter 'til the afterglow
And we'll burn so bright 'til the darkness softly clears

[Chorus]
Oh, I will hold on to the afterglow
Oh, I will hold on to the afterglow
Oh, I will hold on to the afterglow16Embed

Lyrics:
45 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEspañolPortuguêsGIRL LIKE ME Lyrics[Letra de "GIRL LIKE ME"]

[Intro: will.i.am]
Ayy, yeah
Ayy, ayy

[Chorus: Shakira & will.i.am]
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
Ah-ah-ah, you're lookin' for
A girl like me

[Verse 1: will.i.am & Shakira, Ambos]
La-La-Latinas (Eh)
I want a girl like Shakira, eh
Esa latina está rica (Ah)
I want a familia chica que sepa vivir y que viva la vida
I need a bien bonita (Wuh)
Elegante señorita (Wuh)
Girl, I want you and I need ya
All of my life, yup, baby, let's team up
I want a girl that shine like glitter (Ping)
A girl that don't need no filter
The real for real
A girl that's a natural killa (Prr)
I wanna girl that's a heater (Hot)
Caliente, off the meter (Hot)
Yo quiero, mira, yo quiero
Una chica que no me diga mentiras
You might also like[Chorus: Shakira & will.i.am]
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
Ah-ah-ah, you're lookin' for
A girl like me
Oye, mami, estoy buscando una chica así
Oye, mami, estoy buscando una chica así
Ah-ah-ah, you're lookin' for
A girl like me

[Post-Chorus: Shakira]
Me llevas en tu mente
Soy adictiva como el azúcar
Me buscas permanentemente
¿No ves que solo quiero jugar?

[Bridge: will.i.am]
Latinas, latinas
La-La-Latinas, la-la-latinas

[Verse 2: Taboo, Taboo & Shakira]
Sacúdelo como Shaki
Baby, drop it low on top me
Electric field, so shock me
Your hips don't lie, they rock me
Baby, come get me, you got me
Oye, mami, ven aquí
You know I'm liking what I see
Muévelo, muévelo, muévelo así
Yo quiero una mujer
Una princesa no tiene pa' ver
Esa chick with no boundaries like that fue what ev'
Buena en la cama, she good in the bed
A girl that be using her head (Her head)
To use the cabeza, the best
I want a girl who's a diva
No quiero otra, sí, eso es
[Chorus: Shakira]
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
Ah-ah-ah, you're lookin' for
A girl like me

[Verse 3: Shakira]
When I come it shines like glitter
Baby, you know I need no filter
For real, I'm real
You know I'm real
Like that my lips are so glossy
Like how my neck is so bossy
Baby, if you do it my way
Just for the hell of it, I'll let you love me

[Bridge: will.i.am]
Latinas, latinas
Sha-Sha-Shakira, Sha-Sha-Shakira

[Verse 4: apl.de.pl]
I like latinas
Ones who look like Selena
Shake your bunda like Anitta
Morena estás más fina
I like dominicanas
Boricuas and colombianas
In East L.A. I like the chicanas
And they want a piece of the big manzana, eh
[Chorus: Shakira & will.i.am]
So they tell me that you lookin' for a girl like me
Oye, mami, estoy buscando una chica así
Ah-ah-ah, you're lookin' for
A girl like me

[Post-Chorus: Shakira]
Me llevas en tu mente
Soy adictiva como el azúcar
Me buscas permanentemente
¿No ves que solo quiero jugar?6Embed

Lyrics:
27 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishBICHOTA Lyrics[Letra de "BICHOTA"]

[Pre-Coro]
Salgo acicalá' de pie' a tope
Porque puede ser que con el culo mío te topes (Oh)
Me siento bichota sin salir del bloque (Ah)
To' me quieren partir y no tienen con qué

[Coro]
Roncan, pero no pueden con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Y si hay alguien que me rompa
Porque no pueden con mi pum-pum
Con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum

[Verso 1]
Por encima se me nota que me sobra el piquete, piquete
No' dimo' un par de botella' y ahora estamo' al garеte
Yo también tengo una Jeepeta
La tеngo fuleteá' con to'a mi' shortie'
Dejamo' el miedo en la gaveta, ah-ah
Cuida'o con lo que sube' pa'l story
Y adivina quién viene por ahí
Viene Juana, viene Mari
To'a la' babie' quieren party
Un commentary fuera 'e lugar y
Y te vamo' a romper, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
See KAROL G LiveGet tickets as low as $74You might also like[Pre-Coro]
Salgo acicalá' de pie' a tope (Ey)
Porque puede ser que con el culo mío te topes (Eh)
Me siento bichota sin salir del bloque (Ah)
To' me quieren partir y no tienen con qué

[Coro]
Roncan, pero no pueden con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Y si hay alguien que me rompa
Porque no pueden con mi pum-pum
Con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Roncan, pero no pueden con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Y si hay alguien que me rompa
Porque no pueden con mi pum-pum
Con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum

[Verso 2]
Perreando duro, le gusta mi culo
Hace tiempo te 'toy esperando
No sé tú, pero yo aquí pensando (Ah)
No hace' na' pa' lo que está' roncando (Oh)
Tú pa' darme like en el Insta ere' veloz (Eh)
Pero se rumora por ahí que eres preco'
Por má' que me tiren, no cojo lucha
La que me fronteó de aquí no se escucha (Ja)
[Pre-Coro]
Salgo acicalá' de pie' a tope (Ey)
Porque puede ser que con el culo mío te topes (Eh)
Me siento bichota sin salir del bloque (Ah)
To' me quieren partir y no tienen con qué

[Coro]
Roncan, pero no pueden con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Y si hay alguien que me rompa
Porque no pueden con mi pum-pum
Con mi pum-pum, con mi pum-pum
Roncan (Perreando)

[Outro]
Tra, tra (Ah)
Papi, papi
O-O-Ovy On The Drums
Papi, papi3Embed

Lyrics:
13 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishBandido Lyrics[Letra de "Bandido"]

[Intro: Myke Towers]
Ella e' buena, pero le gustan lo' malo' (Malo')
Si te soy sincero, yo por ella jalo (Ella jalo)
Me tiró diciéndome que la dejaron (La dejaron)
Es otra más que con su corazón jugaron, ey

[Coro: Juhn]
¿Ese bandido qué le hizo? Dígame por qué llora (Llora)
Confiéseme pa' darle piso y enterrarlo ahora (Ahora)
Que yo la puedo defender a usted si me colabora (-bora)
Le voy a dejar saber a ese man que ya no está sola (¡Wuh!)
¿Ese bandido qué le hizo? Dígame por qué llora (Dígame por qué llora)
Confiéseme pa' darle piso y enterrarlo ahora (Ahora)
Que yo la puedo defender a usted si me colabora (Sirili, woh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Le voy a dejar saber a ese man que ya no está sola (¡Wuh!)

[Verso 1: Myke Towers]
Mi amor, avísame si acaso te incomoda
Pa' reventarlo y que sepa que no estás sola
Yo te hablo claro, yo no brego con pistola'
Pero tengo el respeto de lo' que controlan
Tú ere' hermosa, mami, dime por qué llora'
Te haría mi señora
Ella le da lo mismo en un crucero que una yola
Condone' de colore', la parto a lo Crayola
Mujere' como tú uno las desea y las añora (Añora)
Dile que tú tiene' vaqueo
Si pone' el booty en reversa
Yo le prendo la cámara como cuando parqueo
Le gusta el maleanteo
Dice que la están buscando porque mata la liga, yo se lo creo
You might also like[Coro: Myke Towers & Juhn]
¿Ese bandido qué le hizo? Dígame por qué llora (Baby, ¿por qué llora?, ey)
Confiéseme pa' darle piso y enterrarlo ahora (Pa' meterle ahora, jaja)
Que yo la puedo defender a usted si me colabora (Si me colabora)
Le voy a dejar saber a ese man que ya no está sola (Me dicen Juhn "El All Star", baby)

[Verso 2: Juhn]
¿Y ese bandido qué fue lo que hizo? (Oh-oh)
Confiesa pa' de una darle piso (Piso)
Ya no te quiero ver llorando, ese no vuelve hacerte daño
Bebecita, te lo garantizo (¡Wuh!)
Es que lo de ella y lo mío e' un romance en secreto
Calla'o, bien en discreto, la beso y la aprieto (Oh)
Me la llevo por el mundo y gasto el ticket completo
(Por ella reviento a cualquier sujeto)
A ella le gusta lo malo, lo bueno, lo caro
Titerona, no se asusta si escucha un disparo
El cuerpo e' hermoso, los ojos son claro'
Era mi reina, ahora e' mi diosa, a ella ni la comparo

[Puente: Juhn & Myke Towers]
Qué pereza
Verla triste con tanta belleza
Quien dañó un corazón con mucha pureza
No sabe tratar con delicadeza (-deza)
Princesa, a él no le interesa
Si yo soy el que te toca y te besa
Cuando la vi yo dije: "Quiero con esa"
Desde esa vez no sales de mi cabeza
[Coro: Juhn & Myke Towers]
¿Ese bandido qué le hizo? Dígame por qué llora (Baby, ¿por qué llora?, ey)
Confiéseme pa' darle piso y enterrarlo ahora (Pa' meterle ahora, jaja)
Que yo la puedo defender a usted si me colabora (Si me colabora; sirili-woh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Le voy a dejar saber a ese man que ya no está sola (Sola)

[Outro: Juhn & Myke Towers]
¿Ese bandido qué le hizo? (Ay)
¿Qué le hizo?
Me dicen Juhn "El All Star, baby"
Este e' Juhn
Myke Towers, baby (Eh-eh-eh)
"El All Star"
Juhn "El All Star"
Myke Towers
Santana The Golden Boy
Esto e' una combinación única en su clase, baby, jaja (Oh)
(¿Ese bandido qué le hizo?)
Las estrellas siempre andan juntas
(¿Qué le hizo?)
La Casa Blanca en sociedad con los de Oro
One World (One World)3Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 11/20/20 LyricsMonster (Shawn Mendes & Justin Bieber) - Shawn Mendes
Prisoner (feat. Dua Lipa) - Miley Cyrus
Circles - Megan Thee Stallion
Gucci Peacoat - DaBaby
Pain Away (feat. Lil Durk) - Meek Mill
Somebody’s Problem - Morgan Wallen
Life Goes On - BTS
Love Not War (The Tampa Beat) - Jason Derulo
Holding On-  iann dior
Safe With Me (with Audrey Mika) - Gryffin
Polvo - Nicky Jam
Because of You - Future
2020 DRAFT - Sheck Wes
No Flash - Rich The Kid
Pick Up Your Feelings - Jazmine Sullivan
Sending My Love - Spotify Singles - Chloe x Halle
fue mejor - Kali Uchis
Walked Through Hell - Anson Sеabra
My Head & My Heart - Ava Max
chinatown (feat. Brucе Springsteen) - Bleachers
ESTELLA// (feat. Travis Barker) - KennyHoopla
Hot Boy Bling (feat. Jack Harlow & Lil Durk) - French Montana
10 Missed Calls (feat. Pharrell Williams & Jozzy) - Black Coffee
Dying in the Subtlety - Cautious Clay
Hey Boy - Sia
Coke & Mentos - salem ilese
i might like u - Boon
Pray 4 Me (feat. Kanye West) - SAINt JHN
Baby (with J Balvin) - Sfera Ebbasta
Good Advice - khai dreams
Peppers and Onions - Tierra Whack
Superpower - KIRBY
Almighty Black Dollar (feat. Rick Ross) - Jeezy
Move On - Lil Tjay
Regardless - RAYE
The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face - James Blake
Fumari - Peach Tree Rascals
Silver Lining - Hauskey
Momentum - Russ
Finally Rich - Lil Eazzyy
Got It All - Dom Kennedy
nhs - slowthai
Don't Cry - Bugzy Malone
Hitman - Kelly Rowland
It's About Time (feat. Florida Georgia Line) - Russell Dickerson
If You Wanted It Too - Jake Scott
How Do I Feel - Phil Good
the fire in your eyes keeps me warm - Powfu
dnd - glaive
Slow Down - VanJess
Flawed (feat. Gunna) - Wale
Switched Up - Morray
Opia - Savannah Ré
OUCH - Mau y Ricky
False Reactions - Lastlings
Tell Me About You - Kina
love, or the lack thereof - Isaac Dunbar
Famous Friends - Chris Young
System - Tayla Parx
Wanna Be - ROE
Best Rapper in the Fuckin World - GoldLink
Fallen Stars Flying - Original Song From Between The World And Me - Nas
All of That - Key Glock
WILDLINGS - Tobe Nwigwe
snakes x elephants - Fana Hues
Feels Right - Biig Piig
Break a Little - Ayelle
I Feel Amazing - Harry Hudson
Don't Need No Reason - Lee Brice
Fluff - Tank and The Bangas
Ponte Pa' Mi - Justin Quiles
Bad Azz (feat. Mulatto & Benny The Butcher) - Kash Doll
SKATE - BIA
Catch Me - Damien
Donuts (feat. Yung Bae) - kenzie
Leather Jacket - Spencer Barnett
Feel Like Home - Emmanuel Franco
More Than Friends (with HONNE) - BEKA
Faith - MONEYPHONE
2 Cents - IDK
Aura (feat. Kojey Radical) - Rexx Life Raj
Come And Play With Me - From "Promising Young Woman" Soundtrack - DeathbyRomy
Bedroom Floor Feelings (feat. Marc E. Bassy) - Sarah Barrios
Knocking On My Heart - Frawley
Knicks - Cochise
HEY! - Lil Gnar
I Would Give It All - Joel Blackmon
Loner - NERIAH
SALUTE (feat. Big Sean and Fivio Foreign) - Hit-Boy
September 7th - YFN Lucci
Special Occasion - Raheem DeVaughn
NY - Emily Vu
Tomorrow - JORDY
I'm Getting Tired of Me - Kings Elliot
Lot To Give - Marlon Craft
Police Brutality - Hotboii
Me With You - Gabriel Conte
Your Face - Josh Groban
The Clouds - Matilda Cole
Intrasport - King Gizzard & The Lizard WizardEmbed

Lyrics:
227 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeSvenskaEspañolSlovenčinaРусскийPortuguêsPolskiNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語ItalianoHebrewDeutschFrançaisفارسیNederlandsDanskShqipالعربيةBlinding Lights Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah

[Verse 1]
I've been tryna call
I've been on my own for long enough
Maybe you can show me how to love, maybe
I'm goin' through withdrawals
You don't even have to do too much
You can turn me on with just a touch, baby

[Pre-Chorus]
I look around and
Sin City's cold and empty (Oh)
No one's around to judge me (Oh)
I can't see clearly when you're gone

[Chorus]
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights
No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch
I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night
Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust
Hey, hey, hey

[Verse 2]
I'm running out of time
'Cause I can see the sun light up the sky
So I hit the road in overdrive, baby, oh
See The Weeknd LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
The city's cold and empty (Oh)
No one's around to judge me (Oh)
I can't see clearly when you're gone

[Chorus]
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights
No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch
I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night
Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust

[Bridge]
I'm just calling back to let you know (Back to let you know)
I could never say it on the phone (Say it on the phone)
Will never let you go this time (Ooh)

[Chorus]
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights
No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch
Hey, hey, hey

[Post-Chorus]
Hey, hey, hey

[Outro]
I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights
No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch274Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsNew Music Friday 3/5/21 LyricsWhat’s Next - Drake
Hold On - Justin Bieber
Leave The Door Open  - Silk Sonic
Real As It Gets (feat. EST Gee) - Lil Baby
Serotonin - girl in red
Selfish Love (with Selena Gomez) - DJ Snake
Sacrifice - Bebe Rexha
Beautiful Mistakes (feat. Megan Thee Stallion) - Maroon 5
slower - Tate McRae
Spinning (with Charli XCX & The 1975) - No Rome
Wants and Needs (feat. Lil Baby) - Drake
Machu Picchu - Camilo
Life's A Mess II (with Clever & Post Malone) - Juice WRLD
Need Someone - Zara Larsson
Till Forеver Falls Apart - Ashe
Medicinе - James Arthur
Thugged Out (feat. Kodak Black) - YNW Melly
Really Like That - G Herbo
This Is Heaven - Nick Jonas
Growing Up - Thomas Rhett
We Don’t Talk Enough (with Alexander 23) - Quinn XCII
Ma' G - J Balvin
no sense - Baby Keem
Hellcats & Trackhawks - Only The Family
[TRUTH (feat. Sam Truth and redveil) - AG Club]🐚
Pay Your Way In Pain - St. Vincent
Drink A Little Whiskey Down - Luke Bryan
1-800-miss-ur-guts - TRAMP STAMPS
Skywalker - Oliver Malcolm
Toast with the Butter - Blu DeTiger
You - Charlotte Lawrence
Freaky As Me (feat. Mulatto) - Jacquees
Drill Tumbado - Ovi
Aspen - Young Dolph
F Is For Friends (with Becky G & Tainy) - Trevor Daniel
Falling Up - Dean Lewis
Stormy Weather - Kings of Leon
Body & Soul (feat. Biig Piig) - Emotional Oranges
[Think About It - Verzache]🕒
Things - Charlie Houston
[I Like You - Ai Bendr]🕒
do it right (feat. Aminé) - REI AMI
Be Sweet - Japanese Breakfast
Damn Shame - Funkmaster Flex
Built for Everything - Rexx Life Raj
[Big Dawg - Y Chibi]🐚
Diplomatico (feat. Guaynaa) - Major Lazer
Problems - Don Diablo
Care At All - Bryce Vine
[4700 - Body Meat]🐚
[Rockin and Wavin - daydream Masi]🐚
Dead Girl! - Au/Ra
Make My Mind Up - Tom Grennan
bored&blind - ella jane
LEAVE ME - Peach Tree Rascals
[Can't Be - Renni Rucci]🕒
[Big Check - YBN Almighty Jay]🐚
Trappin' Ain't Dead (feat. 42 Dugg) - Taleban Dooda
Las Nenas (feat. La Duraca) - Natti Natasha
Safe Passage - Laura Mvula
Don't Assume What You Don't Know - Grace VanderWaal
In His Arms - Jack Ingram
[Doubt of Revival - Jordana]()
Miles to Go - Kaskade
[Take My Hand - LP Giobbi]🐚
Musician - Porter Robinson
Pussy - Bad Gyal
90210 - Angelo Mota
Parking Lot - Genevieve Stokes
Heartbroke - Clubhouse
Noya - Ayzha Nyree
[S.O.D.D. (feat. Tokyo Vanity) - Tokyo Jetz]🐚
Last Minute - BlueBucksClan
Soul Burden (feat. Fredo Bang) - LBS Kee'vin
Ricochet - Ryan Caraveo
[Nobody Loves Me (feat. ELIO) - inona Oak]()
Heavy Hearted - Taska Black
Don’t Call Me - Bailey Bryan
[Laugh Now - Trapboy Freddy]🕒
[BOY WITH A BROKEN HEART - Noah Cunane]()
Amnesia (feat. GASHI) - Loud Luxury
Don't Deserve This - Nea
How it is - Walk Off the Earth
Palm Reader - DREAMERS
I Got Love - Mother Mother
Sunroof - Brooke Eden
Little Things - Danielle Apicella
Break With Me - SHY Martin
[Dreamgirl - Father Koi]()
[Chatter (feat. YBN Nahmir) - Unghetto Mathieu]()
No Valet - Siena Liggins
Drama - Erika de Casier
F.A.B. - Mia Ariannaa
[My Bruddas - D3szn]()
USAY - JAHMED
DENY - Boslen
[Radio - Jaz Elise]🕒
JOSIE - Liza Owen
Jessica - Maja Kristina
[Talk About It - Jake Isaac]🐚Embed

Lyrics:
277 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolHrvatskiРусскийRomânăPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語DeutschFrançaisEnglishNederlandsDanskСрпскиPolskiTherefore I Am Lyrics[Chorus]
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am

[Verse 1]
Stop, what the hell are you talking about? Ha
Get my pretty name out of your mouth
We are not the same with or without
Don't talk 'bout me like how you might know how I feel
Top of the world, but your world isn't real
Your world's an ideal

[Pre-Chorus]
So go have fun
I really couldn't care less
And you can give 'em my best, but just know

[Chorus]
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am
You might also like[Verse 2]
I don't want press to put your name next to mine
We're on different lines, so I
Wanna be nice enough, they don't call my bluff
'Cause I hate to find
Articles, articles, articles
Rather you remain unremarkable (Got a lotta)
Interviews, interviews, interviews
When they say your name, I just act confused

[Pre-Chorus]
Did you have fun?
I really couldn't care less
And you can give 'em my best, but just know

[Chorus]
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am
I'm not your friend
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am

[Bridge]
I'm sorry
I don't think I caught your name
I'm sorry
I don't think I caught your name
[Chorus]
I'm not your friend (I'm not your friend)
Or anything, damn
You think that you're the man (They wanna, they can try)
I think, therefore, I am
I'm not your friend (I'm not your friend)
Or anything, damn (They wanna)
You think that you're the man
I think, therefore, I am179Embed

Lyrics:
82 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolСрпскиРусскийPortuguêsMagyarDeutschFrançaisPolski​test drive Lyrics[Intro]
Ah

[Verse 1]
Pull up, pull up on me, ah
Might just recline the seat when I want it
Give you a set of keys 'cause you own it
Pull up, pull up on me, ayy
No second guessin', checkin' the rearview
Ain't lookin' back unless it's right at you

[Pre-Chorus]
Make me wanna stay through the night
I will never leave from by your side
Don't you know you got a ride or die? Ah
Even when I miss you on the road
You should know I'm always in control
'Cause the one thing I already know

[Chorus]
No, I don't feel the need to
Test drive nothin', test drive nothin'
Baby, I'm sold on you, so I don't ever gotta
Tеst drive nothin' (Oh), test drive nothin' (My baby)
It's in thе way you do it, I don't ever gotta, baby
You might also like[Verse 2]
I drop the top on that body
That's candy paint on my body
I'm thinkin' 'bout the way I feel on you
If you want, say, "I do" (I do)
I'll floor it (I'll floor it)
Just say the word, you know I'm yours (Know I'm yours)
Just drop a pin and don't reverse (Oh)

[Pre-Chorus]
Make me wanna stay through the night (Oh, babe)
I will never leave from by your side (Leave from by your side)
Don't you know you got a ride or die? Ah
Even when I miss you on the road
You should know I'm always in control
'Cause the one thing I already know

[Chorus]
No, I don't feel the need to
Test drive nothin' (No, babe), test drive nothin'
Baby, I'm sold on you, so I don't ever gotta
Test drive nothin', test drive nothin'
It's in the way you do it, I don't ever gotta38Embed

Lyrics:
186 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийDeutschLemonade Lyrics[Pre-Chorus: Don Toliver]
Xanny bars, suicide door, brand new bag
College girls give a nigga head in my Rafs
Rockstar life, so much money it'll make you laugh, hey
These bitches, they hate, and you can't miss what you never had, hey, hey

[Chorus: Don Toliver]
Off the juice (Juice), codeine got me trippin' (Juice)
Copped the coupe (Coupe), woke up, roof is missin' (Yeah)
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin'
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin'

[Verse 1: NAV]
Addy boys, got some sixties in my bag (Addy)
Lips sealed, I ain't pillow talkin', I'm no rat (No)
In my earlobe, got two karats, VVS (Bling)
Got a penthouse near Rodeo off of stress (Stress)
All this money, when I grew up, I had nothing (Nothing)
Filled with backstabbers, my old life was disgusting (Disgusting)
Can't believe it, gotta thank God that I'm livin' comfortably (Thank God)
Gettin' checks, I don't believe her, she say she done with me
Burned some bridges and I let the fire light the way (Oh-woah)
Kickin' my feet up, left the PJs on a PJ (A PJ)
Yeah, I'm a big dawg, and I walk around with no leash (Oh-oh)
I got water on me, yeah, everything on Fiji
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Don Toliver]
Xanny bars, suicide door, brand new bag
College girls give a nigga head in my Rafs
Rockstar life, so much money it'll make you laugh, hey
These bitches, they hate, and you can't miss what you never had, hey, hey

[Chorus: Don Toliver]
Off the juice (Juice), codeine got me trippin' (Juice)
Copped the coupe (Coupe), woke up, roof is missin' (Yeah)
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin'
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin' (Hey, hey)

[Verse 2: Gunna & Don Toliver]
I'm a rockstar, play guitars (Yeah), sippin' Wock', hey (Hey)
Adderall, fentanyl, Xanax bars, ayy (Hey)
I was fifteen, I was sippin' codeine with my dawg, ayy (Codeine)
Did a Percocet, Promethazine, I feel nausey (Promethazine)
Put up a stick and I hop on a plane
Still in my war ways (War ways)
Shit is so risky, I gotta be gifted
He blessed me with fortune and fame (Fortune and fame, nice)
I remember from fifty, I couldn't go back empty
I knew I was stuck to the game (Stuck)
I'm loyal and I'll never change
I'm never gon' go against the grain (Go against the grain)
I'm never gon' be the one to turn on my brother
When police has got us detained (Nah)
I won't ever love a bitch more than my mother
And that's on my government name (Nah)
I can't be no sucker, ain't hatin' on no one
I wish everybody get paid (Paid)
'Cause we countin' up every day (Every day)
Gettin' high 'til I land in the grave
[Pre-Chorus: Don Toliver]
Xanny bars, suicide door, brand new bag
College girls give a nigga head in my Rafs
Rockstar life, so much money it'll make you laugh, hey
These bitches, they hate, and you can't miss what you never had, hey, hey

[Chorus: Don Toliver]
Off the juice (Juice), codeine got me trippin' (Juice)
Copped the coupe (Coupe), woke up, roof is missin'
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin'
Ice (Ice), lemonade, my neck was drippin'

[Outro: Don Toliver]
Yeah, yeah, yeah115Embed

Lyrics:
164 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsPolskiNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)ČeskyDanskWatermelon Sugar Lyrics[Verse 1]
Tastes like strawberries on a summer evenin'
And it sounds just like a song
I want more berries and that summer feelin'
It's so wonderful and warm

[Pre-Chorus]
Breathe me in, breathe me out
I don't know if I could ever go without
I'm just thinking out loud
I don't know if I could ever go without

[Chorus]
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar

[Verse 2]
Strawberries on a summer evenin'
Baby, you're the end of June
I want your belly and that summer feelin'
Getting washed away in you

[Pre-Chorus]
Breathe me in, breathe me out
I don't know if I could ever go without
You might also like[Chorus]
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high

[Post-Chorus]
I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it
Watermelon sugar high

[Bridge]
Tastes like strawberries on a summer evenin'
And it sounds just like a song
I want your belly and that summer feelin'
I don't know if I could ever go without

[Chorus]
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high (Sugar)
Watermelon sugar high (Sugar)
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar high
[Outro]
I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it (Eh-eh-eh)
Watermelon sugar high
I just wanna taste it, I just wanna taste it (Ooh, yeah)
Watermelon sugar high
Watermelon sugar116Embed

Lyrics:
134 ContributorsTranslationsСрпскиTürkçeEspañolРусскийRomânăPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語ItalianoMagyarDeutschFrançaisفارسیChinese TraditionalLost Cause Lyrics[Intro]
Something's in the—

[Verse 1]
Something's in the air right now
Like I'm losin' track of time (Time, time)
Like I don't really care right now
But maybe that's fine
You weren't even there that day
I was waitin' on you (You, you)
I wonder if you were aware that day
Was the last straw for me and I knew

[Pre-Chorus]
I sent you flowers
Did you even care?
You ran the shower
And left them by the stairs
Ooh-ooh-ooh, a-a-a-ayy
Thought you had your shit together, but damn, I was wrong (Wrong)

[Chorus]
You ain't nothin' but a lost cause (Cause, cause)
And this ain't nothin' like it oncе was (Was, was)
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job (Job)
You ain't nothin' but a lost cause (Cause)
And this ain't nothin' likе it once was (Was)
I know you think you're such an outlaw
But you got no job
You might also like[Verse 2]
I used to think you were shy (Shy)
But maybe you just had nothing on your mind
Maybe you were thinkin' 'bout yourself all the time
I used to wish you were mine (Mine)
But that was way before I realized
Someone like you would always be so easy to find
(So) So easy (So, so)
Hee, mm-mm-mm, mm

[Pre-Chorus]
Gave me no flowers
Wish I didn't care
You'd be gone for hours
Could be anywhere
Ooh-ooh-ooh
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Thought you would've grown eventually, but you proved me wrong (Wrong)

[Chorus]
You ain't nothing but a lost cause (Cause)
And this ain't nothing like it once was (Was)
I know you think you're such an outlaw (Yeah)
But you got no job (No job)
You ain't nothing but a lost cause (Cause)
And this ain't nothing like it once was (Was)
I know you think you're such an outlaw (Think you're such a lost cause)
But you got no job
[Outro]
(What did I tell you?)
(Don't get complacent)
(It's time to face it now, na-na, na-na, na-na)
(What did I tell you?)
(Don't get complacent)
(It's time to face it now, na-na, na-na, na-na)74Embed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsNew Music Friday 3/5/21 LyricsWhat’s Next - Drake
Hold On - Justin Bieber
Leave The Door Open  - Silk Sonic
Real As It Gets (feat. EST Gee) - Lil Baby
Serotonin - girl in red
Selfish Love (with Selena Gomez) - DJ Snake
Sacrifice - Bebe Rexha
Beautiful Mistakes (feat. Megan Thee Stallion) - Maroon 5
slower - Tate McRae
Spinning (with Charli XCX & The 1975) - No Rome
Wants and Needs (feat. Lil Baby) - Drake
Machu Picchu - Camilo
Life's A Mess II (with Clever & Post Malone) - Juice WRLD
Need Someone - Zara Larsson
Till Forеver Falls Apart - Ashe
Medicinе - James Arthur
Thugged Out (feat. Kodak Black) - YNW Melly
Really Like That - G Herbo
This Is Heaven - Nick Jonas
Growing Up - Thomas Rhett
We Don’t Talk Enough (with Alexander 23) - Quinn XCII
Ma' G - J Balvin
no sense - Baby Keem
Hellcats & Trackhawks - Only The Family
[TRUTH (feat. Sam Truth and redveil) - AG Club]🐚
Pay Your Way In Pain - St. Vincent
Drink A Little Whiskey Down - Luke Bryan
1-800-miss-ur-guts - TRAMP STAMPS
Skywalker - Oliver Malcolm
Toast with the Butter - Blu DeTiger
You - Charlotte Lawrence
Freaky As Me (feat. Mulatto) - Jacquees
Drill Tumbado - Ovi
Aspen - Young Dolph
F Is For Friends (with Becky G & Tainy) - Trevor Daniel
Falling Up - Dean Lewis
Stormy Weather - Kings of Leon
Body & Soul (feat. Biig Piig) - Emotional Oranges
[Think About It - Verzache]🕒
Things - Charlie Houston
[I Like You - Ai Bendr]🕒
do it right (feat. Aminé) - REI AMI
Be Sweet - Japanese Breakfast
Damn Shame - Funkmaster Flex
Built for Everything - Rexx Life Raj
[Big Dawg - Y Chibi]🐚
Diplomatico (feat. Guaynaa) - Major Lazer
Problems - Don Diablo
Care At All - Bryce Vine
[4700 - Body Meat]🐚
[Rockin and Wavin - daydream Masi]🐚
Dead Girl! - Au/Ra
Make My Mind Up - Tom Grennan
bored&blind - ella jane
LEAVE ME - Peach Tree Rascals
[Can't Be - Renni Rucci]🕒
[Big Check - YBN Almighty Jay]🐚
Trappin' Ain't Dead (feat. 42 Dugg) - Taleban Dooda
Las Nenas (feat. La Duraca) - Natti Natasha
Safe Passage - Laura Mvula
Don't Assume What You Don't Know - Grace VanderWaal
In His Arms - Jack Ingram
[Doubt of Revival - Jordana]()
Miles to Go - Kaskade
[Take My Hand - LP Giobbi]🐚
Musician - Porter Robinson
Pussy - Bad Gyal
90210 - Angelo Mota
Parking Lot - Genevieve Stokes
Heartbroke - Clubhouse
Noya - Ayzha Nyree
[S.O.D.D. (feat. Tokyo Vanity) - Tokyo Jetz]🐚
Last Minute - BlueBucksClan
Soul Burden (feat. Fredo Bang) - LBS Kee'vin
Ricochet - Ryan Caraveo
[Nobody Loves Me (feat. ELIO) - inona Oak]()
Heavy Hearted - Taska Black
Don’t Call Me - Bailey Bryan
[Laugh Now - Trapboy Freddy]🕒
[BOY WITH A BROKEN HEART - Noah Cunane]()
Amnesia (feat. GASHI) - Loud Luxury
Don't Deserve This - Nea
How it is - Walk Off the Earth
Palm Reader - DREAMERS
I Got Love - Mother Mother
Sunroof - Brooke Eden
Little Things - Danielle Apicella
Break With Me - SHY Martin
[Dreamgirl - Father Koi]()
[Chatter (feat. YBN Nahmir) - Unghetto Mathieu]()
No Valet - Siena Liggins
Drama - Erika de Casier
F.A.B. - Mia Ariannaa
[My Bruddas - D3szn]()
USAY - JAHMED
DENY - Boslen
[Radio - Jaz Elise]🕒
JOSIE - Liza Owen
Jessica - Maja Kristina
[Talk About It - Jake Isaac]🐚Embed

Lyrics:
94 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguêsWhat You Know Bout Love Lyrics[Intro]
Uh

[Verse 1]
Shawty go joggin' every morning (Every morning)
And she make me breakfast almost every morning (Every morning)
And she take a naked pic before she leave the door
I be wakin' up to pics before a nigga yawnin'
And every weekend my shawty comin' over (Over)
Shawty could Fendi out, but she like Fashion Nova (Nova)
She ain't drivin' no Camry, she pullin' in a Rover (Rover)
With her hair so curly, I love you, baby

[Chorus]
She said, "What you know 'bout love?" (I'll tell you everything)
I got what you need (Oh)
Walk up in the store and get what you want (Go get it)
You get what you please
We 'bout to get it on, take off them drawers (I said I love you, baby)
It's just you and me
You know what I be on, I'm about to go raw (I love you, baby)
'Cause I like what I see (Oh)

[Verse 2]
Look, baby, I said I ain't gon' front (Uh)
You got my heart beatin' so fast to words I can't pronounce
And I be gettin' the chills every time I feel your touch
I be lookin' at the top and girl, it's only us
All I need is your trust
And girl I told you once, don't make me tell you twice (Word)
I know you see this print through my pants that I know you like (Like, nah)
And yo' ass be lookin' so fat when it be in them tights (In them tights)
And I'm goin' straight to the top, so hope you ain't afraid of heights
You always keep me right, for a fact, you never left (Left)
Through all the trials and tribulations, always had my best (My best)
So here's fifty-five hunnid, go and get your breasts (Your breasts)
Start rubbin' on your butt, start kissin' on your neck
Hey batter, batter, hey batter, batter (Batter)
Niggas know I had to swing, I had to make a play (Make a play)
I had to apply the pressure, 'cause you my hidden treasure
I think I'm fallin' in love
You might also like[Chorus]
She said, "What you know 'bout love?" (I'll tell you everything)
I got what you need (Oh)
Walk up in the store and get what you want (Go get it)
You get what you please
We 'bout to get it on, take off them drawers (I said I love you, baby)
It's just you and me
You know what I be on, I'm about to go raw (I love you, baby)
'Cause I like what I see76Embed

Lyrics:
297 ContributorsTranslationsالعربيةУкраїнськаTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguês日本語한국어हिन्दीDeutschFrançaisDansk中文ShqipDynamite Lyrics[Intro: Jung Kook]
'Cause I, I, I'm in the stars tonight
So watch me bring the fire and set the night alight

[Verse 1: Jung Kook]
Shoes on, get up in the morn'
Cup of milk, let's rock and roll
King Kong, kick the drum
Rolling on like a Rolling Stone
Sing-song when I'm walkin' home
Jump up to the top, LeBron
Ding-dong, call me on my phone
Ice tea and a game of ping pong

[Pre-Chorus: RM, j-hope]
This is gettin' heavy, can you hear the bass boom? I'm ready (Woo-hoo)
Life is sweet as honey, yeah, this beat cha-ching like money, huh
Disco overload, I'm into that, I'm good to go
I'm diamond, you know I glow up
Hey, so let's go

[Chorus: Jung Kook, Jimin]
'Cause I, I, I'm in the stars tonight
So watch me bring the fire and set the night alight (Hey)
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light it up like dynamite, woah-oh-oh
You might also like[Verse 2: V,  V & Jin, RM]
Bring a friend, join the crowd, whoever wanna come along
Word up, talk the talk, just move like we off the wall
Day or night, the sky's alight, so we dance to the break of dawn (Hey)
Ladies and gentlemen, I got the medicine, so you should keep ya eyes on the ball (Huh)

[Pre-Chorus: SUGA, Jimin, RM]
This is gettin' heavy, can you hear the bass boom? I'm ready (Woo-hoo)
Life is sweet as honey, yeah, this beat cha-ching like money, huh
Disco overload, I'm into that, I'm good to go
I'm diamond, you know I glow up
Let's go

[Chorus: Jung Kook, V]
'Cause I, I, I'm in the stars tonight
So watch me bring the fire and set the night alight (Hey)
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light it up like dynamite, woah-oh-oh

[Post-Chorus: Jung Kook & Jimin, Jung Kook, Jin]
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, life is dynamite
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, life is dynamite
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light it up like dynamite, woah-oh-oh

[Bridge: Jung Kook, Jimin, Jin,  V ]
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Light it up like dynamite
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na, na-na, ayy
Light it up like dynamite
[Chorus: Jimin, Jung Kook, Jin]
'Cause I, I, I'm in the stars tonight
So watch me bring the fire and set the night alight
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light it up like dynamite
(This is ah) 'Cause I, I, I'm in the stars tonight
So watch me bring the fire and set the night alight (Alight, oh)
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light (Light) it (It) up (Up) like (Like) dynamite (Dynamite), woah-oh-oh

[Post-Chorus: Jimin, Jin, V]
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, life is dynamite (Life is dynamite)
Dyn-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, life is dynamite (Oh)
Shinin' through the city with a little funk and soul
So I'ma light it up like dynamite, woah-oh-oh297Embed

Lyrics:
4 ContributorsToday’s Top Hits 9/11/20 Lyrics1. Tata McRae- You Broke Me First
2. 24kGoldn- Mood (feat. iann dior)
3. BTS- Dynamite
4. Cardi B- WAP (feat. Megan Thee Stallion)
5. DaBaby- ROCKSTAR (feat. Roddy Ricch)
6. Joel Corry- Head & Heart (feat. MNEK)
7. Topic & A7S- Breaking Me
8. Harry Styles- Watermelon Sugar
9. Drake- Laugh Now Cry Later (feat. Lil Durk)
10. Miley Cyrus- Midnight Sky
11. BLACKPINK & Selena Gomez- Ice Cream
12. Jawish 685 & Jason Derulo- Savage Love
13. Marshmello & Demi Lovato- OK Not To Be OK
14. Chris Brown & Young Thug- Go Crazy
15. Calvin Harris & The Weeknd- Over Now
16. DJ Khaled- POPSTAR (feat. Drake)
17. Jason Derulo- Take You Dancing
18. Maluma- Hawai
19. Juice WRLD & Marshmello- Come & Go
20. Machine Gun Kelly & blackbear- my ex's best friend
21. Kane Brown- Be Like That (feat. Swae Lee & Khalid)
22. Conan Gray- Heather
23. Pop Smoke- For The Night (feat. Lil Baby & DaBaby)
24. Internet Money- Lemonade (feat. Gunna, Don Toliver & NAV)
25. J Balvin, Dua Lipa & Bad Bunny- UN DIA (feat. Tainy)
26. Ava Max- Kings & Queens
27. salem ilese- Mad At Disney
28. SAINt JHN & Imanbek- Roses
29. Dua Lipa- Break My Heart
30. Saweetie- Tap In
31. Ozuna, Doja Cat & Sia- Del Mar
32. Juice WRLD- Wishing Well
33. Clean Bandit & Mabel- Tick Tock (feat. 24kGoldn)
34. Labrith- Still Don't Know My Name
35. Pop Smoke- Mood Swings (feat. Lil Tjay)
36. Curtis Waters- Stunnin' (feat. Harm Franklin)
37. Bea Miller- Feel Something
38. SZA, The Neptunes, Pharrell Williams & Ty Dolla $ign- Hit Different
39. Jack Harlow- WHATS POPPIN (feat. DaBaby, Tory Lanez & Lil Wayne)
40. Juice WRLD & The Weeknd- Smile
41. Regard & RAYE- Secrets
42. Lady Gaga & Ariana Grande- Rain On Me
43. Maroon 5- Nobody's Love
44. KAROL G- Ay, Dios Mio!
45. The Weeknd- Blinding Lights
46. Zoe Wees- Control
47. Ariana Grande & Justin Bieber- Stuck With U
48. Billie Eilish- My Future
49. Taylor Swift- Cardigan
50. Morgan Wallen- 7 SummersEmbed

Lyrics:
225 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийTürkçeEspañolPortuguêsPolskiDeutschFrançaisفارسیShqipSave Your Tears Lyrics[Intro]
Ooh
Na-na, yeah

[Verse 1]
I saw you dancing in a crowded room (Uh)
You look so happy when I'm not with you
But then you saw me, caught you by surprise
A single teardrop falling from your eye

[Refrain]
I don't know why I run away
I make you cry when I run away

[Verse 2]
You could've asked me why I broke your heart
You could've told me that you fell apart
But you walked past me like I wasn't there
And just pretended like you didn't care

[Refrain]
I don't know why I run away
I make you cry when I run away

[Pre-Chorus]
Take me back 'cause I wanna stay
Save your tears for another
See The Weeknd LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like[Chorus]
Save your tears for another day
Save your tears for another day (So)

[Verse 3]
I made you think that I would always stay
I said some things that I should never say
Yeah, I broke your heart like someone did to mine
And now you won't love me for a second time

[Refrain]
I don't know why I run away, oh, girl
Said, I make you cry when I run away

[Pre-Chorus]
Girl, take me back 'cause I wanna stay
Save your tears for another
I realize that I'm much too late
And you deserve someone better

[Chorus]
Save your tears for another day (Oh yeah)
Save your tears for another day (Yeah)

[Refrain]
I don't know why I run away
I'll make you cry when I run away
[Chorus]
Save your tears for another day
Ooh, girl, I said (Ah)
Save your tears for another day (Ah)

[Outro]
Save your tears for another day (Ah)
Save your tears for another day (Ah)147Embed

Lyrics:
138 ContributorsTranslationsPolskiPortuguêsBody Lyrics[Intro]
Real hot girl shit
Ah
And if the beat live, you know Lil Ju made it

[Chorus]
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Mwah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Mwah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody

[Verse 1]
Look at how I bodied that, ate it up and gave it back (Ugh)
Yeah, you look good, but they still wanna know where Megan at (Where Megan at?)
Saucy like a barbecue but you won't get your baby back
See me in that dress and he feel like he almost tasted that (Ah, ah, ah)
Num, num, num, num, eat it up, foreplay, okay, three, two, one
You know I'm the hottest, you ain't ever gotta heat me up
I'm present whеn I'm absent, speakin' when I'm not thеre
All them bitches scary cats, I call 'em Carole Baskins, ah

[Chorus]
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Ah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Baow)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
You might also like[Verse 2]
I'm a hot ebony, they gon' click it if it's me (If it's me)
All my pictures been gettin' these niggas through the quarantine (Yeah)
Bitch, I'm very well, on my shit as you could tell
Any ho got beef from years ago is beefing by herself, ah, ah
If we took a trip on the real creep tip (Yeah)
Bitch, rule number one is don't repeat that shit (Don't repeat that shit)
Rule number two, if they all came with you
They better know exactly what the fuck they came to do (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woah, woah)

[Chorus]
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Yeah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Ah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Ah, ah, ah)

[Verse 3]
The category is body, look at the way it's sittin' (Yeah)
That ratio so out of control, that waist, that ass, them titties (That waist, that ass, them titties)
If I wasn't me and I would've seen myself, I would have bought me a drink (Hey)
Took me home, did me long, ate it with the panties on (Ugh, ugh, ugh)
I could build a house with all the brick I got (Yeah)
Bitches spend a lifetime tryna get this hot (Tryna get this hot)
And if her head too big, I could make that pop
I'm not the one to play with like a touch-me-not, ah
[Chorus]
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Ah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Ah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Yeah, yeah, woah)
Body crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, lil' waist (Woah, woah)
Body-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody
Ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody-ody (Hey, hey, hey, ah)

[Outro]
Ody-ody-ody-ody
Mwah72Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 1/08/21 LyricsWasted On You - Morgan Wallen
Best Friend (feat. Doja Cat) - Saweetie
Girl Like Me (feat. H.E.R.) - Jazmine Sullivan
Vibez - ZAYN
Talk About Love (feat. Young Thug) - Zara Larsson
The Bandit - Kings of Leon
Use Somebody - dvsn
Los Bo - Jhay Cortez
UGLY (feat. Lil Baby) - Russ
Hit Em Up - YG
Marvins Room - J.I the Prince of N.Y
Color Palette - Araya
it’s time to go - bonus track - Taylor Swift
Come In Closer - Rhye
drivers license - Olivia Rodrigo
New Truck - Florida Georgia Line
Talk You Down - Charlotte Lawrence
Smoke From Fire (with The Hics) - Bas
Off The Porch - Key Glock
Progreso - Eladio Carrion
No Chill (fеat. Lil Xxel) - Cheat Codes
Dandеlion - Galantis
Big Decisions - Morray
MAZZA (feat. A$AP Rocky) - slowthai
Flames (feat. Avril Lavigne) - MOD SUN
Lose Your Head - London Grammar
Curious (feat. Jimi Tents & Garren) - VanJess
Stomping - Earth Dad
Whatchu Do - 10k.Caash
Antidote (feat. Adekunle Gold) - Nao
Reason to Believe (feat. Courtney Barnett) - Vagabon
Jimmy (feat. Sarcastic Sounds) - Rxseboy
Wasted Love (feat. Lagique) - Ofenbach
Sword from the Stone - Passenger
I Bet You Wanna Know - Priscilla Block
Her Honeymoon - RMR
Fire. - Two Feet
Break My Heart - JC Stewart
Little Bit of Love - Tom Grennan
SUFFER AND SWALLOW - Alice Glass
Delicate Limbs (feat. serpentwithfeet) - Virgil Abloh
At The Door - Marlon Craft
And So It Went (feat. Tom Morello) - The Pretty Reckless
Last Time - Adam Melchor
Come Back Home - Petey Martin
U + ME - KILLBOY
Animal - Maria Becerra
violet evergarden - Lil Boom
The Hurt Business - Westside Gunn
Speak Now - Leslie Odom Jr.
Run To Me (feat. Brandi Carlile) - Barry Gibb
Play God - Catie Turner
nuh uh - Jades Goudreault
Tryin' - Ricky Hil
Gotta Be You - NERVO
Critical - CamelPhat
Blame - Ryland James
Last Kiss - Julia Cole
Lone Pine Hill - Steve Earle
how i'm feeling - Ryan Woods
Falsetto - 5am
I'm Gone - BlackMayo
Doggin' - Rayven Justice
Places - Drove
Channel 43 - Radio Edit - deadmau5
Hopprock - Madlib
Ain't Enough - Drelli
Regret - INNR CIRCLE
Drinking on My Own - ROMES
Education - Jon Foreman
Natural's Not in It - Tom Morello
The Year The World Stood Still - Jack Newsome
SET ME OFF - Kaleena Zanders
Tried My Best - Kevin Holliday
Pink Salmon - Peewee Longway
High End - Nechie
Safe - camoufly
Self Destructor - Chevelle
Not My Problem (feat. Travis Barker) - Escape the Fate
Amends - Odette
Don't Leave Me Now - Emelie Hollow
Take Me On A Ride - We The Kingdom
Boyfriend - Ian McConnell
Colors - Langhorne Slim
Butterflies - Johnny Stimson
Flashbacks - Zach Hood
I'm not Pretty - JESSIA
Remember - Jake Isaac
Whisper My Name - Adeline
Misunderstood - OSKA
Bitter - Blakey
Just Woke Up - Oscar DeLaughter
lifehaspassedmeby - HEADACHE
Everything I Know - chemical club
Morning Prayer - The ImageEmbed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 1/15/21 LyricsBad Boy (with Young Thug) - Juice WRLD
Roaring 20s - Flo Milli
Girls Like Us - Zoe Wees
Masterpiece - DaBaby
De Una Vez - Selena Gomez
Connexion - ZAYN
34+35 Remix (feat. Doja Cat, Megan Thee Stallion) - Remix - Ariana Grande
Deal With It (feat. Kelis) - Ashnikko
Kingsten - Ballin
Grey - Why Don't We
Close To You - Dayglow
Line By Line - JP Saxe
this is how you fall in love - Jeremy Zucker
Chemtrails Over The Country Club - Lana Del Rey
He Said (feat. Miguel) - dvsn
Lie Lie Lie - Joshua Bassett
Goosebumps - Remix - Travis Scott
Your Love (9PM) - ATB
Never Gonna Forget (with Diplo feat. Elderbrook) - Black Coffee
Guard Up - Pooh Shiesty
OOPS - Spotify Singles - Gabriel Garzón-Montano
Bonafide (feat. Chiiild) - Emotional Oranges
ANTES QUE SALGA EL SOL - Natti Natasha
Don't Play - Anne-Marie
Excuses - Audrey Mika
Upgrade - Jessie Murph
Comeback. - Gallant
Split - Rich The Kid
Lonely - Sofía Valdés
MY HEAD :( )- Jack Kays
Waiting On A War - Foo Fighters
raw - LOONY
Trippin - Kara Marni
Easy - Pale Waves
Part of Me - Healy
Calls - Charlie Houston
WOMAN - Avenue Beat
Blame Game - Beach Bunny
ultraviolet.tragedies (with Terrell Hines) - X Ambassadors
long txts - Lubalin
WEGO - KBFR
Game Time - Funkmaster Flex
Is You Fuckin? - Yella Beezy
Doin My Dance (feat. Moneybagg Yo) - Fredo Bang
Messed Up - Asiahn
Villain - Wolf
Weekend Vibe - Jubël
The World We Left Behind (feat. KARRA) - KSHMR
Duke and the Cash - Baby Boys
Hate Myself - dodie
pink party - Isaac Dunbar
What You Need (feat THEY.) - Jae Stephens
Calla Tú - Danna Paola
How We Used To - Stephanie Poetri
IDFIATOK - Ameer Vann
Bandemic - Bizzy Banks
Twisted Tongues - AFI
hold somebody - guccihighwaters
Queen - G Flip
Hollow - Mills
Undivided - Tim McGraw
Sanctuary - Hiss Golden Messenger
Cuff Your Jeans - Claud
Your Life Your Time - Christian Leave
Listen!!! - Aly & AJ
Lose You Now - Lindsey Stirling
drinkup - pink roses
Walk Away - Duke & Jones
Edge Of The Dark - Emmit Fenn
Things Changed - The Sunshine State
Beautiful - Robin Thicke
HWAA - (G)I-DLE
NonChalant - Metro Marrs
In The Kitchen - Pote Baby
Hit This - Ebhoni
I Know I Been Changed (Music From The Motion Picture "American Skin") [feat. Gary Clark Jr.] - Keedron Bryant
wish you the best (feat. Jensen McRae) - Joy Oladokun
All That Lasts - Pablo Dylan
Minimum Wage - Blake Shelton
Breakups - Seaforth
Whatever Forever Is - Devin Dawson
Oidar - Hether
Dancing Alone - Kings Elliot
Raw Thoughts - Baby Queen
Skengman (feat. Stormzy) - Ghetts
Toothpaste - Wacotron
ULTIMA - Body Meat
STRENGTH BONUS - blackwinterwells
Fuck Being Sober - Annika Wells
Access - Major Murphy
The One That Got Away - Hunter Hayes
Unstoppable (Do It Again) - Angie Rose
Rose - Fruit Bats
alien jewelry - John The Blind
USMO - John-Robert
Still Not Dead - DREAMERS
Glasgow - You Me At Six
State of Wonder - inverness
dramatic - Cat & Calmell
We Need You - Titus Showers
I Will Overcome - Welshly ArmsEmbed

Lyrics:
127 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsPolskiनेपाली한국어日本語MagyarDeutschFrançaisOn The Ground Lyrics[Verse 1]
My life's been magic, seems fantastic
I used to have a hole in the wall with a mattress
Funny when you want it, suddenly you have it
You find out that your gold's just plastic

[Pre-Chorus]
Every day, every night
I've been thinkin' back on you and I
Every day, every night

[Chorus]
I worked my whole life
Just to get right, just to be like
"Look at me, I'm never comin' down"
I worked my whole life
Just to get high, just to realise
Everything I need is on the
Everything I need is on the ground

[Post-Chorus]
On the ground
Everything I need is on the ground
Nah, but they don't hear me though
(Yeah, what goes up, it must come down)
Nah, but they don't hear me though
(You're runnin' out of time)
You might also like[Verse 2]
My world's been hectic, seems electric
But I've been wakin' up with your voice in my head
And I'm tryna send a message and let you know
That every single minute I'm without you, I regret it

[Pre-Chorus]
Every day, every night
I've been thinkin' back on you and I
Every day, every night

[Chorus]
I worked my whole life
Just to get right, just to be like
"Look at me, I'm never comin' down"
I worked my whole life
Just to get high, just to realise
Everything I need is on the
Everything I need is on the ground

[Post-Chorus]
On the ground
Everything I need is on the ground
Nah, but they don't hear me though
(Yeah, what goes up, it must come down)
Nah, but they don't hear me though
(You're runnin' out of time)
[Bridge]
I'm way up in the clouds
And they say I've made it now
But I figured it out
Everything I need is on the ground (Yeah, yeah)
Just drove by your house (Just drove by your house)
So far from you now (So far from you now)
But I figured it out
Everything I need is on the
Everything I need is on the ground

[Outro]
On the ground
Everything I need is on the ground
Nah, but they don't hear me though
On the ground
Nah, but they don't hear me though
Everything I need is on the ground168Embed

Lyrics:
8 ContributorsThis Is Justin Bieber Lyrics1. Justin Bieber- 2 Much
2. Justin Bieber- Deserve You
3. Justin Bieber- As I Am (feat. Khalid)
4. Justin Bieber- Off My Face
5. Justin Bieber- Holy (feat. Chance the Rapper)
6. Justin Bieber- Unstable (feat. The Kid LAROI)
7. Justin Bieber- Die For You (feat. Dominic Fike)
8. Justin Bieber- Hold On
9. Justin Bieber- Somebody
10. Justin Bieber- Ghost
11. Justin Bieber- Peaches (feat. Daniel Caеsar & Giveon)
12. Justin Bieber- Lovе You Different (feat. BEAM)
13. Justin Bieber- Loved By You (feat. Burna Boy)
14. Justin Bieber- There She Go (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
15. Justin Bieber- I Can't Be Myself (feat. Jaden)
16. Justin Bieber- Lifetime
17. Justin Bieber- Wish You Would (feat. Quavo)
18. Justin Bieber- Know No Better (feat. DaBaby)
19. Justin Bieber- Name (feat. Tori Kelly)
20. Justin Bieber- Anyone
21. Justin Bieber & benny blanco- Lonely
22. Justin Bieber- Sorry
23. DJ Snake- Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber)
24. Justin Bieber- Yummy
25. Justin Bieber- Intentions (feat. Quavo)
26. Justin Bieber- What Do You Mean?
27. Justin Bieber- Love Yourself
28. Major Lazer- Cold Water (feat. Justin Bieber & MØ)
29. Justin Bieber- Baby (feat. Ludacris)
30. DJ Khaled- I'm the One (feat. Justin Bieber, Quavo, Chance the Rapper & Lil Wayne)
31. Justin Bieber- As Long As You Love Me (feat. Big Sean)
32. Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee- Despacito (feat. Justin Bieber) [Remix]
33. Justin Bieber- Boyfriend
34. David Guetaa- 2U (feat. Justin Bieber)
35. Justin Bieber- Beauty And A Beat (feat. Nicki Minaj)
36. Jack Ü, Skrillex, Diplo & Justin Bieber- Where Are Ü Now
37. Justin Bieber- Never Say Never (feat. Jaden)
38. Justin Bieber- All Around Me
39. Justin Bieber & BloodPop®- Friends
40. Justin Bieber- Company
41. Justin Bieber- Somebody To Love
42. Ed Sheeran & Justin Bieber- I Don't Care
43. Justin Bieber- One Time
44. Justin Bieber- Come Around Me
45. Justin Bieber- Forever (feat. Post Malone & Clever)
46. Justin Bieber- Confident (feat. Chance the Rapper)
47. Sean Kingston & Justin Bieber- Eenie Meenie
48. DJ Khaled, Justin Bieber & Quavo- No Brainer (feat. Chance the Rapper)
49. Justin Bieber- All That Matters
50. Chris Brown & Justin Bieber- Next To You
51. Justin Bieber- One Less Lonely Girl
52. will.i.am- #thatPOWER (feat. Justin Bieber)
53. Dan + Shay & Justin Bieber- 10,000 Hours
54. Justin Bieber- Purpose
55. Justin Bieber- Habitual
56. Justin Bieber- All Around The World (feat. Ludacris)
57. Maejor- Lolly (feat. Juicy J & Justin Bieber)
58. Justin Bieber- Changes
59. Justin Bieber- I'll Show You
60. Justin Bieber- U Smile
61. Justin Bieber- Second Emotion (feat. Travis Scott)
62. Justin Bieber & Summer Walker- Yummy (Summer Walker Remix)
63. Justin Bieber- That's What Love Is
64. Justin Bieber- Available
65. Justin Bieber- Heartbreaker
66. Justin Bieber- Be Alright
67. Justin Bieber- Get Me (feat. Kehlani)
68. Justin Bieber - Honest (feat. Don Toliver)You might also likeEmbed

Lyrics:
2 ContributorsNew Music Friday 4/2/21 LyricsOlivia Rodrigo - deja vu
Demi Lovato - Met Him Last Night (feat. Ariana Grande)
Lil Tjay - Run It Up (feat. Offset & Moneybagg Yo)
42 Dugg - 4 Da Gang (with Roddy Ricch)
BROCKHAMPTON - COUNT ON ME
Mustafa - Ali
AUDREY NUNA - Space
Freddie Gibbs - Big Boss Rabbit
AG Club - NOHO (feat. ICECOLDBISHOP) 🕒
BTS - Film out
Chloe George - ghost town (voice memo)
Ozuna - Envidioso
Fousheé - gold fronts (feat. Lil Wayne)
Dayglow - Woah Man
Hayd - Closure
Dove Cameron - LazyBaby
Chiiild - Awake (with Mahalia)
Junior Varsity - Cold Blood
Cake Pop - Black Rum (feat. Dylan Brady, Lewis Grant & Ravenna Golden)
Kodak Black - Righteous Reapers (feat. Sykobob, WizDaWizard & Wam SpinThaBin)
Young M.A - Successful
KHEA - WACHA
St. Vincent - The Melting Of The Sun
chloe moriondo - I Eat Boys
CAL - In the Water (with Quinn XCII)
Fredo Bang - Click Up
Toosii - back together
NEZ - To The Money (feat. Flo Milli & 8AE) 🕒
Timmy Trumpet - Stay Mine
half•alive - What's Wrong
WizTheMc - World Is Fucked
Tommy Cash - Zuccenberg
Iggy Azalea - Sip It
3xbravo - Made For This (feat. Lil Eazzyy) 🕒
Eddie Benjamin - Diamond Eyes
Olivia Holt - love on you.
Emilee - How It Goes
Poté - Young Lies
FXXXXY - Yeah Kool (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Bankroll Freddie - Pop It (feat. Megan Thee Stallion)
Dro Kenji - Superstar
Joseph Black - Always & Forever
REI AMI - THAT'S ON YOU! 🕒
Wingtip - Hope They Love You 🕒
Forrest Nolan - Second Base
Garbage - The Men Who Rule the World
KALEO - Skinny
Del Water Gap - Sorry I Am
Doss - Look
deadmau5 - Nextra
Feid - PURRITO APA
Girl Ultra - rosas (dímelo)
Leo Bhanji - Raw
Kenny Mason - Rih
Westside Gunn - TV Boy
Lakeyah - Easy
Pi’erre Bourne - 4U
Bree Runway - HOT HOT
Emily Weisband - Love 2 Hard (feat. Tauren Wells) 🐚
John-Robert - Move It to the Side
Trousdale - Look Around
Emma Bale - amsterdam
lentra - o shit!
Jasiah - In N Out (feat. TheHxliday & Rico Nasty)
Yungeen Ace - Opp Boyz
Charmaine - DOUBLE DUTCH 🕒
Tassia Zappia - You Don't Want Me
Canaan Smith - American Dream
Leslie Jordan - Where The Soul Never Dies 🕒
Ryan Griffin - Salt, Lime & Tequila 🕒
Bailey Bryan - Temporary
Joshua Speers - Long Way Down 🕒
Sarah and the Sundays - I'm So Bored
oddCouple - Reflections (feat. Jamila Woods)
Terrace Martin - Can't Let You Go (feat. Nick Grant) 🕒
Ralph Castelli - Mystery
Fedd the God - Yea Yup 🕒
Warren Hue - omomo punk
Chevy - I Know a Place
Loi - I Follow
Propaganda - We Need You (feat. V. Rose)
Flock of Dimes - One More Hour
Nebu Kiniza - Weekend
Desiigner - I Get That
GirlzLuhDev - Day 1 Starter (feat. Remble)
HOSHI - Spider
Malia Civetz - Anybody But You
morgxn - PORCELAIN
iamnotshane - You're Dead to Me, I Hope You Fail
AmyElle - Feel The Heat
Ovy On The Drums - Angelito
Foxes - Dance
Lilith Czar - Lola
Chrissy Metz - Girl Go
Alan Jackson - Where Have You Gone
Rosie Darling - Witness
Tom Odell - monster v.2
Ángela Aguilar - En Realidad
Quadeca - Shades of Us
Ahmad Anonimis - InhaledEmbed

Lyrics:
9 ContributorsZay’s Gold Jams Lyrics2Pac - "California Love" (feat. Dr. Dre & Roger)
2Pac - "Changes"
2Pac - "Keep Ya Head Up"
2Pac - "Dear Mama"
2Pac - "Last Wordz" (feat. Ice-T & Ice Cube)
2Pac - "Hit 'Em Up" (feat. Outlawz)
2Pac - "Ambitionz Az A Ridah"
2Pac - "All Eyez On Me" (feat. Big Syke)
2Pac - "I Get Around" (feat. Digital Underground)
6LACK - "Seasons" (feat. Khalid)
6LACK - "East Atlanta Love Letter" (feat. Future)
6LACK - "Switch"
6LACK - "PRBLMS"
6LACK - "Pretty Little Fears" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "ball w/o you"
21 Savage - "Rich Nigga Shit" (feat. Metro Boomin & Young Thug)
21 Savage - "a lot" (feat. J. Cole)
21 Savage - "Spiral"
Ari Lennox - "Shea Butter Baby" (fеat. J. Cole)
A$AP Rocky - "Fukk Sleep" (feat. FKA Twigs)
A$AP Rocky - "1Train" (feat. Kеndrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Action Bronson & Big K.R.I.T)
A$AP Rocky - "Potato Salad" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
A$AP Rocky - "r - Cali"
A$AP Rocky - "Fuckin' Problems" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Drake & 2 Chainz)
Bas - "Purge"
Bas - "Night Job"
Bas - "Icarus" (feat. Ari Lennox)
Bas - "Tribe" (feat. J. Cole)
Bas - "Fried Rice" (feat. JID)
Big Sean - "First Chain" (feat. Nas & Kid Cudi)
Big Sean - "Bezerk" (feat. Hit-Boy & A$AP Ferg)
Big Sean - "Go Legend" (feat. Metro Boomin & Travis Scott)
Big Sean - "Beware" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Jhené Aiko)
Big Sean - "Pull Up N Wreck" (feat. Metro Boomin & 21 Savage)
Busta Rhymes - "I Know What You Want" (feat. Mariah Carey & Flipmode Squad)
Busta Rhymes - "Break Ya Neck"
Busta Rhymes - "Calm Down" (feat. Eminem)
Denzel Curry - "CLOUT COBAIN | CLOUT CO13A1N"
Denzel Curry - "Zenith" (feat. Joey Bada$$)
Denzel Curry - "RICKY"
Denzel Curry - "Take_it_Back_v2" (with Kenny Beats)
Denzel Curry - "SIRENS | Z1RENZ" (feat. JID)
Denzel Curry - "DIET_1.5" [Feat. Benny The Butcher]
Denzel Curry - "PERCS | PERCZ"
Denzel Curry - "SPEEDBOAT"
Denzel Curry - "SUMO | ZUMO"
DMX - "Ruff Ryders' Anthem"
DMX - "Party Up"
DMX - "X Gon' Give It To Ya"
Dreamville - "Under The Sun" (feat. J. Cole, Lute & DaBaby)
Dreamville - "Down Bad" (feat. Bas, EARTHGANG, J. Cole, JID & Young Nudy)
Dreamville - "LamboTruck" (feat. Cozz, Childish Major & REASON)
Dreamville - "Wells Fargo (Interlude)" (feat. JID, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Guapdad 4000)
Dreamville - "Ladies, Ladies, Ladies" (feat. JID & T.I.)
Dreamville - "1993" (feat. J. Cole, JID, Cozz, EARTHGANG, Buddy & Smino)
Dreamville - "Rembrandt...Run It Back" (feat. JID, J. Cole & Vince Staples)
Dreamville - "Costa Rica" (feat. Bas, JID, Mez, Buddy, Jace, Reese LAFLARE, Ski Mask the Slump God, Smokepurpp & Guapdad 4000)
Dr. Dre - "Fuck Wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Nuthin' But A "G" Thang" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Still D.R.E" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Forgot About Dre" (feat. Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Deep Water" (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Justus & Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "What's The Difference" (feat. Xzibit & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "I Need A Doctor" (feat. Skylar Grey & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Medicine Man" (feat. Candice Pillay, Anderson .Paak & Eminem)
Dr. Dre - "Animals" (feat. Anderson .Paak)
Dr. Dre - "The Next Episode" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Dr. Dre - "Issues" (feat. Ice Cube, Anderson .Paak and Dem Jointz)
Dr. Dre - "Talking To My Diary"
EARTHGANG - "Punchanella"
EARTHGANG - "Momma Told Me" (feat. JID)
EARTHGANG - "Meditate" (feat. JID)
Eminem - "Stan"
Eminem - "The Real Slim Shady"
Eminem - "'Till I Collapse" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Eminem - "Without Me"
Eminem - "Love Game" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Lucky You" (feat. Joyner Lucas)
Eminem - "My Name Is"
Eminem - "Bitch Please II" (feat. Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg & Xzibit)
Eminem - "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Eminem - "Kill You"
Eminem - "Good Guy" (feat. Jessie Reyez)
Eminem - "The Ringer"
GZA - "Shadowboxin'" (feat. Method Man)
GZA - "Liquid Swords"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 5"
Hopsin - "Sag My Pants"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 8"
Hopsin - "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 9"
Ice Cube - "It Was A Good Day"
Ice Cube - "Check Yo Self"
Ice Cube - "No Vaseline"
Ice Cube - "Go To Church" (feat. Snoop Dogg & Lil' Jon)
Ice Cube - "Hello" (feat. MC Ren & Dr. Dre)
Ice Cube - "Friday"
Ice Cube - "Natural Born Killaz" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Ice-T - "6 'N The Mornin'"
Ice-T - "Colors"
Ice-T - "O.G. Original Gangsta"
IDK - "Cereal" (feat. JID & Kenny Mason)
IDK - "Porno"
IDK - "ONCE UPON A TIME (FREESTYLE)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
J. Cole - "Wet Dreamz"
J. Cole - "No Role Modelz"
J. Cole - "KOD"
J. Cole - "New York Times" (feat. 50 Cent & Bas)
J. Cole - "Forbidden Fruit" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
J. Cole - "January 28th"
J. Cole - "Lights Please"
J. Cole - "Immortal"
J. Cole - "m y . l i f e" (with 21 Savage & Morray)
J. Cole - "p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l" (with Lil Baby)
J. Cole - "l e t . g o . m y . h a n d" (with Bas & 6LACK)
J. Cole - "1 0 0 . m i l '" (with Bas)
J. Cole - "a m a r i"
J. Cole - "a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e"
Jessie Reyez - "IMPORTED" (with 6LACK)
Jessie Reyez - "COFFIN" (feat. Eminem)
Jessie Reyez - "FAR AWAY II" (feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie & JID)
Jhené Aiko - "10k Hours" (feat. Nas)
JID - "151 Rum"
JID - "Off Deez" (with J. Cole)
JID - "NEVER"
JID - "EdEddnEddy"
JID - "8701" (feat. 6LACK)
JID - "Hot Box" (feat. Method Man & Joey Bada$$)
JID - "Tiiied" (feat. 6LACK & Ella Mai)
JID - "Mounted Up"
JID - "Workin Out"
JID - "Bruuuh (Remix)" (feat. Denzel Curry)
JID - "Off Da Zoinkys"
JID - "Westbrook" (feat. A$AP Ferg)
JID - "Ballads" (with Conway The Machine)
JID - "Slick Talk"
Joyner Lucas - "Ross Capicchioni"
Joyner Lucas - "Ultrasound"
Joyner Lucas - "I'm Sorry"
Joyner Lucas - "I Lied (Intro)"
Joyner Lucas - "The War" (feat. Young Thug)
Joyner Lucas - "I Love"
Joyner Lucas - "Devil's Work"
Joyner Lucas - "Happy Birthday"
Joyner Lucas - "Isis" (feat. Logic)
Joyner Lucas - "Lotto"
Joyner Lucas - "Finally" (feat. Chris Brown)
Joyner Lucas - "10 Bands" (feat. Timbaland)
Joyner Lucas - "ADHD"
Joyner Lucas - "Revenge"
Kendrick Lamar - "Rigamortus"
Kendrick Lamar - "Backseat Freestyle"
Kendrick Lamar - "Money Trees" (feat. Jay Rock)
Kendrick Lamar - "good kid"
Kendrick Lamar - "m.A.A.d city" (feat. MC Eiht)
Kendrick Lamar - "Compton" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "The Recipe - Bonus Track" (feat. Dr. Dre)
Kendrick Lamar - "Black Boy Fly - Bonus Track"
Kendrick Lamar - "King Kunta"
Kendrick Lamar - "The Blacker The Berry"
Kendrick Lamar - "DNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "ELEMENT."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOYALTY. FEAT. RIHANNA."
Kendrick Lamar - "LOVE. FEAT. ZACARI."
Kendrick Lamar - "FEAR"
Kid Cudi - "In My Dreams (Cudder Anthem)"
Kid Cudi - "Day 'N' Nite (Nightmare)"
Kid Cudi - "Scott Mescudi Vs. The World" (feat. CeeLo Green)
Kid Cudi - "Marijuana"
Kid Cudi - "Solo Dolo Part II" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Kid Cudi - "Beez" (feat. RZA)
Kid Cudi - "Damaged"
Kid Cudi - "Another Day"
Kid Cudi - "Show Out" (with Skepta & Pop Smoke)
Kid Cudi - "Dive"
Kid Cudi - "Elsie's Baby Boy (flashback)"
Kid Cudi - "Rockstar Knights" (with Trippie Redd)
Kid Cudi - "Lord I Know"
Kid Cudi - "The Adventures of Moon Man & Slim Shady" (feat. Eminem)
Kid Cudi - "Pursuit Of Happiness (Nightmare)" (feat. MGMT & Ratatat)
Mac Miller - "O.K - Bonus Track" (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
Mac Miller - "Knock Knock"
Mac Miller - "God Is Fair, Sexy Nasty" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Meek Mill - "Offended" (feat. Young Thug & 21 Savage)
Meek Mill - "Froze" (feat. Lil Uzi Vert & Nicki Minaj)
Meek Mill - "Difference" (feat. Quavo & Desiigner)
Meek Mill - "Litty" (feat. Tory Lanez)
Method Man - "Episode 3 - Grand Prix"
Method Man - "Meth Vs. Chef" (feat. Raekwon)
Method Man - "I'll Be There For You / You're All I Need To Get By" (with Mary G. Blige)
Metro Boomin - "10 Freaky Girls" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Don't Come Out The House" (with 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "No More" (feat. Travis Scott, Kodak Black & 21 Savage)
Metro Boomin - "Space Cadet" (feat. Gunna)
Nas - "If I Ruled The World (Imagine That)" (feat. Lauryn Hill)
Nas - "N.Y. State Of Mind"
Nas - "Adam and Eve" (feat. The-Dream)
Nas - "The World Is Yours"
Nas - "Highly Favored"
Nas - "EMPD"
Nate Dogg - "Never Leave Me Alone" (feat. Snoop Dogg)
Nate Dogg - "So Fly"
Nate Dogg - "I Got Love"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Shimmy Shimmy Ya"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Brooklyn Zoo"
Ol' Dirty Bastard - "Intoxicated" (feat. Raekwon, Method Man & Macy Gray)
RZA - "Grits"
RZA - "Fatal"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Burn The Hoods"
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Nuketown" (feat. Juice WRLD)
Ski Mask the Slump God - "Faucet Failure"
Smino - "Baguetti" (feat. Kenny Beats & JID)
Snoop Dogg - "Who Am I (What's My Name)?"
Snoop Dogg - "Drop It Like It's Hot" (feat. Pharrell Williams)
Snoop Dogg - "Gin N Juice" (feat. Dat Nigga Daz)
Snoop Dogg - "Beautiful" (feat. Pharrell Williams & Charlie Wilson)
Snoop Dogg - "G'z and Hustlaz"
SZA - "Love Galore" (feat. Travis Scott)
SZA - "Doves In The Wind" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "Worldwide Choppers"
Tech N9ne - "Am I A Psycho" (feat. B.o.B & Hopsin)
Tech N9ne - "Speedom (Wwc2)" (feat. Krizz Kaliko & Eminem)
Tech N9ne - "Fragile" (feat. Mayday, Kendall Morgan & Kendrick Lamar)
Tech N9ne - "So Dope (They Wanna)" (feat. Wrekonize, Twisted Insane & Snow Tha Product)"
Tech N9ne - "Sriracha" (feat. Joyner Lucas & Logic)
The Game - "Martians Vs Goblins" (feat. Lil' Wayne & Tyler, the Creator)
The Game - "How We Do" (feat. 50 Cent)
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Juicy"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Hypnotize"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Big Poppa"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Who Shot Ya?"
The Notorious B.I.G. - "Notorious Thugs" (feat. Bone Thugs-N-Harmony)
T.I - "That's All She Wrote" (feat. Eminem)
T.I - "Welcome To The World" (feat. Kanye West & Kid Cudi)
T.I - "Popped Off" (feat. Dr. Dre)
T.I - "Whatever You Like"
Token - "And You" (feat. IDK & Bas)
Travis Scott - "goosebumps" (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Travis Scott - "HIGHEST IN THE ROOM"
Travis Scott - "through the late night" (feat. Kid Cudi)
Travis Scott - "Pornography"
Travis Scott - "NC-17" (feat. 21 Savage)
Travis Scott - "BUTTERFLY EFFECT"
Travis Scott - "STOP TRYING TO BE GOD" (feat. Stevie Wonder, Kid Cudi, James Blake & Philip Bailey)
Travis Scott & Kid Cudi - "THE SCOTTS"
Travis Scott - "FRANCHISE" (feat. Young Thug & M.I.A)
Tyler, the Creator - "Potato Salad" (with A$AP Rocky)
Tyler, the Creator - "Tamale"
Tyler, the Creator - "DEATHCAMP" (feat. Cole Alexander)
Tyler, the Creator - "See You Again" (feat. Kali Uchis)
Tyler, the Creator - "SMUCKERS" (feat. Lil Wayne & Kanye West)
Vince Staples - "Blue Suede"
Warren G - "Regulate" (feat. Nate Dogg)
Warren G - "This DJ"
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Soho" (feat. JID)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Rainy Days" (feat. Eminem)
WESTSIDE BOOGIE - "Still Thirsty"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Method Man"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Triumph"
Wu-Tang Clan - "C.R.E.A.M"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Da Mystery of Chessboxin'"
Wu-Tang Clan - "Protect Ya Neck"
Young Thug - "The London" (feat. Travis Scott & J. Cole)
Young Thug - "Hot (Remix)" (feat. Travis Scott & Gunna)8Embed

Lyrics:
281 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийRomânăPortuguêsPolskiNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)日本語ItalianoMagyarDeutschFrançaisفارسیDanskСрпскиYour Power Lyrics[Chorus]
Try not to abuse your power
I know we didn't choose to change
You might not wanna lose your power
But havin' it's so strange

[Verse 1]
She said you were a hero
You played the part
But you ruined her in a year
Don't act like it was hard
And you swear you didn't know (Didn't know)
No wonder why you didn't ask
She was sleepin' in your clothes (In your clothes)
But now she's got to get to class

[Pre-Chorus]
How dare you?
And how could you?
Will you only feel bad when they find out?
If you could take it all back
Would you?

[Chorus]
Try not to abuse your power
I know we didn't choose to change
You might not wanna lose your power
But havin' it's so strange
You might also like[Verse 2]
I thought that I was special
You made me feel
Like it was my fault, you were the devil
Lost your appeal
Does it keep you in control? (In control)
For you to keep her in a cage?
And you swear you didn't know (Didn't know)
You said you thought she was your age

[Pre-Chorus]
How dare you?
And how could you?
Will you only feel bad if it turns out
That they kill your contract?
Would you?

[Chorus]
Try not to abuse your power
I know we didn't choose to change
You might not wanna lose your power
But power isn't pain
[Outro]
Mmm
Ooh
La-la-la-la-la, hmm
La-la-la-la-la-la, la-la245Embed

Lyrics:
117 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsNorsk (bokmål / riksmål)한국어日本語Bahasa Indonesiaहिन्दीDeutschTagalog / ᜆᜄᜎᜓᜄ᜔فارسیChinese TraditionalالعربيةFrançaisAzərbaycanca / آذربايجانRomânăBTS - Permission to Dance (แปลภาษาไทย)Permission to Dance Lyrics[Verse 1: Jung Kook, RM]
It's the thought of being young
When your heart's just like a drum
Beating louder with no way to guard it
When it all seems like it's wrong
Just sing along to Elton John
And to that feeling, we're just getting started

[Pre-Chorus: Jimin, Jin]
When the nights get colder
And the rhythms got you falling behind
Just dream about that moment
When you look yourself right in the eye, eye, eye
Then you say

[Chorus: Jung Kook, V]
I wanna dance
The music's got me going
Ain't nothing that can stop how we move, yeah
Let's break our plans
And live just like we're golden
And roll in like we're dancing fools

[Post-Chorus: Jimin, RM, Jin]
We don't need to worry
'Cause when we fall, we know how to land
Don't need to talk the talk, just walk the walk tonight
'Cause we don't need permission to dance
You might also like[Verse 2: j-hope, SUGA, Jung Kook]
There's always something that's standing in the way
But if you don't let it faze ya
You'll know just how to break
Just keep the right vibe, yeah
'Cause there's no looking back
There ain't no one to prove
We don't got this on lock (Yeah)

[Pre-Chorus: V, Jung Kook, Jimin]
The wait is over
The time is now so let's do it right, mm (Yeah)
Yeah, we'll keep going
And stay up until we see the sunri-i-ise (Yeah)
And we'll say

[Chorus: V, Jin]
I wanna dance
The music's got me going
Ain't nothing that can stop how we move, yeah
Let's break our plans
And live just like we're golden
And roll in like we're dancing fools

[Post-Chorus: Jung Kook, j-hope, Jimin]
We don't need to worry
'Cause when we fall, we know how to land
Don't need to talk the talk, just walk the walk tonight
'Cause we don't need permission to dance
[Refrain: Jin, Jung Kook]
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na
No, we don't need permission to dance
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na (Hey)
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na
Da-na-na-na-na-na-na

[Bridge: Jimin, V]
Well, let me show ya
That we can keep the fire alive, mm
'Cause it's not over
'Til it's over, say it one more time
Say

[Chorus: Jung Kook, Jimin]
I wanna dance
The music's got me going (Music's got me going)
Ain't nothing that can stop how we move, yeah (Hey, yeah)
Let's break our plans
And live just like we're golden (Ooh)
And roll in like we're dancing fools (Like we're dancing fools)

[Post-Chorus: Jin, SUGA, V, Jung Kook]
We don't need to worry
'Cause when we fall, we know how to land (We know how to land)
Don't need to talk the talk, just walk the walk tonight (Ooh)
'Cause we don't need permission to dance108Embed

Lyrics:
111 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEspañolРусскийPortuguêsDeutschFrançaisMotley Crew Lyrics[Intro]
(d.a. got that dope)

[Chorus]
Count up the bands stickin' up
No rubber band is big enough
Chain is so heavy, can't pick it up
Came with the gang, a myriad
I seen your whip, hilarious
Where is my roof? Mysterious
My whip from Fast & Furious
Curtains with yellow interior
I get the commas, period
Covered in ice, Siberia
I'm at the top of the pyramid
Bitch, I'm a star, I'm Sirius
We came to play, are you serious?
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the motley crew

[Verse 1]
Sit up, ball, I just forgot where I was
Pour it up, throw it up, sit up, woah
Get up, bitch, get up, bitch, get up
Came with a wig splitter
I got John Wick hitters (Ooh)
I'm a go-get-gеtter (Wow, uh)
See Post Malone LiveGet tickets as low as $67You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
Came with the army, army, army, yеah
The people 'round me still the same
We just wanna party, party, party, yeah
We rowdy and won't never change

[Chorus]
Count up the bands stickin' up
No rubber band is big enough
Chain is so heavy, can't pick it up
Came with the gang, a myriad
I seen your whip, hilarious
Where is my roof? Mysterious
My whip from Fast & Furious
Curtains with yellow interior
I get the commas, period
Covered in ice, Siberia
I'm at the top of the pyramid
Bitch, I'm a star, I'm Sirius
We came to play, are you serious?
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the motley crew

[Verse 2]
What you gon' do? I'ma pull up with the crew
When I'm off the juice, I like to hang out the roof
I'm rockin' jewels, I like when the diamonds, they move
I just go through, I do not wait in the queue
Baby, baby, pinky, Brady, Brady
AP navy, navy, chain like two Mercedes
I'll come when they pay me, come with Katy, Amy
Crew go crazy, crazy, kick it, Dan Bailey (Uh)
[Pre-Chorus]
Came with the army, army, army, yeah
The people 'round me still the same
We just wanna party, party, party, yeah
We rowdy and won't never change

[Chorus]
Count up the bands stickin' up
No rubber band is big enough
Chain is so heavy, can't pick it up
Came with the gang, a myriad
I seen your whip, hilarious
Where is my roof? Mysterious
My whip from Fast & Furious
Curtains with yellow interior
I get the commas, period
Covered in ice, Siberia
I'm at the top of the pyramid
Bitch, I'm a star, I'm Sirius
We came to play, are you serious?
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the gang, a myriad
Came with the motley crew53Embed

Lyrics:
291 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeEnglishSvenskaРусскийPortuguêsItalianoDeutschFrançaisHurricane Lyrics[Chorus: The Weeknd]
See this in 3D, all lights out for me
All lights out for me, lightning strikes the beach
Eighty degrees, warm it up for me
Finally free, found the God in me
And I want you to see, I can walk on water
Thousand miles from shore, I can float on the water
Father, hold me close, don't let me drown
I know You won't

[Verse 1: Lil Baby]
Yeah, walkin' on the bridge, I threw my sins over the deep end
Sippin' 'til my stomach hurt, this month I done lost three friends
Early mornin', brainstormin', normally I can't sleep in
Sometimes I just wanna restart it, but it all depends
If I'ma be that same young, hungry **** from West End
Wrote my hardest wrongs and the crazy part, I ain't have no pen
Maybach interior camе with sheepskin
Still remember whеn I just had three bands
Now I'm the one everyone call on 'cause I got deep pants
Bro told me the way to beat the game is on the defense and
Never fazed by names that they might call me, but they gon' respect it
And I feel like you better off tryin' to call, I might not get the message
And she just tried to run off with my heart, but I blocked off the exit, yeah

[Bridge: The Weeknd & KayCyy]
Oh-oh, I know You won't (I know You won't)
I know You won't (Oh), oh (Oh, yeah)
I know You won't, I know that You look over us (I know)
So we silently sleep
Bring down the rain, yeah, oh
You might also like[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, I was out for self
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, I was up for sale, but I couldn't tell
God made it rain, the devil made it hail
Dropped out of school, but I'm that one at Yale
Made the best tracks and still went off the rail
Had to go down, down, down, this the new town, town, town
This the new ten, ten, ten, I'm goin' in, in, in
Here I go on a new trip, here I go actin' too lit
Here I go actin' too rich, here I go with a new chick
And I know what the truth is, still playin' after two kids
It's a lot to digest when your life always movin'
Architectural Digest, but I needed home improvement
Sixty-million-dollar home, never went home to it
Genius gone clueless, it's a whole lot to risk
Alcohol anonymous, who's the busiest loser?
Heated by the rumors, read into it too much
Fiendin' for some true love, ask Kim, "What do you love?"
Hard to find what the truth is, but the truth was that the truth suck
Always seem to do stuff, but this time it was too much
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, everybody so judgemental
Everybody so judgemental
Everybody hurts, but I don't judge rentals
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm, it was all so simple

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
I see you in 3D, the dawn is bright for me
No more dark for me, I know You're watchin' me
Eighty degrees, burnin' up the leaves
Finally, I'm free, finally, I'm free
As I go out to sea, I can walk on water
Won't you shine Your light? Demons talk on my shoulder
Father, hold me close, don't let me drown
I know You won't156Embed

Lyrics:
15 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschEnglishPepas Lyrics[Letra de "Pepas"]

[Refrán]
No me importa lo que de mí se diga
Viva usted su vida, que yo vivo la mía
Que solo e' una, disfruta el momento
Que el tiempo se acaba y pa'trás no vira

[Pre-Coro]
Bebiendo, fumando y jodiendo
Sigo vacilando de party to' los día'
Y síguelo, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (¡Farru!)
Síguelo, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (La rola y pepa)

[Coro]
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca

[Post-Coro]
Desacata'o
Empastilla'o
(Qué maldita nota)
(Arcoíris)
¡Fa-Farru!
See Farruko LiveGet tickets as low as $24You might also like[Verso]
Sube las mano' y las botella' pa' arriba (¡Blep!)
Siempre la movie la tenemo' prendía'
Hoy vamo' a darle hasta que se haga de día
Sigo rulin, 'toy en la mía

[Puente]
Salió el sol, wol (Sol)
Tráeme la hookah y el alcohol (Y el alcohol)
Y préndelo, oh-oh, woh-oh-oh (Woh-oh)
Esto se salió de control (De control)
Y síguelo, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (La rola y pepa)

[Coro]
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca (Desacata'o)
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca (Empastilla'o)

[Post-Coro]
¡Blep!
¡Fa-Farru!
(Qué maldita nota)
(Arcoíris)

[Refrán]
No me importa lo que de mí se diga
Viva usted su vida, que yo vivo la mía
Que solo e' una, disfruta el momento
Que el tiempo se acaba y pa'trás no vira
[Pre-Coro]
Bebiendo, fumando y jodiendo
Sigo vacilando de party to' los día'
Y síguelo, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (¡Farru!)
Síguelo, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (La rola y pepa)

[Coro]
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca
Pepa' y agua pa' la seca
To' el mundo en pastilla' en la discoteca

[Post-Coro]
Desacata'o
Empastilla'o
(Qué maldita nota)
(Arcoíris)
¡Fa-Farru!

[Outro]
Dímelo, Chino
The Most Winning
Victor Cárdenas
White Star
Sharo Towers
La 167
La 1674Embed

Lyrics:
173 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçeРусскийDeutschLil Nas X - THATS WHAT I WANT (Ελληνική μετάφραση/Greek Translation)PortuguêsFrançaisTHATS WHAT I WANT Lyrics[Intro]
One, two, three, four

[Verse 1]
Need a boy who can cuddle with me all night
Keep me warm, love me long, be my sunlight
Tell me lies, we can argue, we can fight
Yeah, we did it before, but we'll do it tonight
An afro, black boy with the gold teeth
With dark skin, lookin' at me like he know me
I wonder if he got the G or the B
Let me find out and see, comin' over to me, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
These days, I'm way too lonely
I'm missing out, I know
These days, I'm way too alone
And I'm known for givin' love away, but

[Chorus]
I want someone to love mе
I need someone who needs me
'Causе it don't feel right when it's late at night
And it's just me in my dreams
So I want someone to love
That's what I fuckin' want
You might also like[Verse 2]
Look, you know it's harder to find in these times
But I got nothin' but love on my mind (My mind)
I need a baby with love in my prime
Need an adversary to my "down and marry"
Like, tell me "That's life" when I'm stressin' at night
Be like, "You'll be okay" and, "Everything is alright," uh
Let me in that thing, 'cause I'm not wanting anything
But your loving, your body, and a little bit of your brain

[Pre-Chorus]
These days, I'm way too lonely
I'm missing out, I know
These days, I'm way too alone
And I'm known for givin' love away, but

[Chorus]
I want someone to love me
I need someone who needs me
'Cause it don't feel right when it's late at night
And it's just me in my dreams
So I want someone to love
That's what I fuckin' want

[Bridge]
I want someone to love me
I need someone who needs me
[Chorus]
'Cause it don't feel right when it's late at night
And it's just me in my dreams
So I want someone to love
That's what I fuckin' want67Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 8/13/21 LyricsLizzo - Rumors (feat. Cardi B)
PinkPantheress - Just for me
Machine Gun Kelly - papercuts
blackbear - alone in a room full of people
WizKid - Essence (feat. Justin Bieber & Tems)
Dan + Shay - Steal My Love
Tiësto - Don't Be Shy
J Balvin - Que Locura
Sub Urban & Bella Poarch - INFERNO
Still Woozy - Woof
Jungle - All Of The Time
Elton John - Cold Heart - PNAU Remix
Kygo - Love Me Now (feat. Zoe Wees)
Kodak Black - Before I Go (feat. Rod Wave)
Swae Lee - Ball Is Life (feat. Jack Harlow)
Jay Wheeler - Take My Life
Chelsea Cutler - You Can Have It
Joel Corry - OUT OUT (feat. Charli XCX & Saweetie)
YNW Melly - Mind of Melvin (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
NLE Choppa - Mmm Hmm
Deb Never - Sweet & Spice
binki - Invisible Fence 🕒
ericdoa - back n forth
RÜFÜS DU SOL - Next to Me
VanJess - Slow Down (feat. Lucky Daye)
The Killers - Runaway Horses (feat. Phoebe Bridgers) - Abridged
Sueco - Paralyzed
Junior Varsity - Limousine
Ben Platt - I wanna love you but I don’t
KIRBY - Break Her Heart For Me
$uicideboy$ - Life Is but a Stream~
DJ Snake - Run It (feat. Rick Ross & Rich Brian)
Coi Leray - Okay Yeah!
Prince Royce - Lao' a Lao'
Masked Wolf - Bop
James Arthur - Avalanche
Alessia Cara - The Use In Trying
Luke Hemmings - Baby Blue
Big Thief - Little Things
Sam Austins - JOY FOR YOUTH (with Sir Chloe)
spill tab - Indecisive (feat. Tommy Genesis)
Wale - Down South (feat. Yella Beezy & Maxo Kream)
Iggy Azalea - Is That Right
Reik - Loquita
Love Regenerator - We Can Come Together
Oscar Lang - Yeah!
Jade Bird - Candidate
Amos Lee - Worry No More
Trey Lewis - Shut the Door 🕒
Maude Latour - Clean
Louis The Child - hate u cuz i don't (feat. Bea Miller)
Cheat Codes - All Things $ Can Do (with Travis Barker & Tove Styrke)
21 Savage - Lazy Susan (with Rich Brian feat. Warren Hue & Masiwei)
Denzel Curry - The Game
POORSTACY - Party At The Cemetery
Aries - KIDS ON MOLLY
BabyJake - Watching
chloe moriondo - not okay (feat. mazie)
Sean Paul - Only Fanz (feat. Ty Dolla $ign)
Sebastian Yatra - Delincuente
Nao - Wait
Lecrae - Everyday
K CAMP - Rain On Your Skin (feat. Mooski)
Lonr. - Read My Mind (feat. Yung Bleu)
midwxst - Tic Tac Toe
Magdalena Bay - Secrets (Your Fire)
Day Wave - Before We Knew
THE BLOSSOM - SPORTS CAR
Weston Estate - Outside
jamesjamesjames - My Purple iPod Nano
Loud Luxury - Holiday Hills
EBEN - I Miss You
Maisie Peters - You Signed Up For This
GAYLE - abcdefu
Avery Lynch - Shit People
gabriel black - molotov
Flipp Dinero - Play My Part
D Smoke - Shame On You 🕒
Isaia Huron - Fallen / DGYLA
Mia Rodriguez - Billion Dollar Bitch
Rence - AWOOO!
Mallory Merk - Devil Laugh
Tenille Arts - Over You is You (feat. Matt Stell)
Jelly Roll - Sober
BIG30 - Backseat Of The Rolls Truck 🕒
Monaleo - Suck It Up
Deijuvhs - Flower Ghoul
Balu Brigada - Favourite Clothes
Madeline The Person - August (feat. Adam Melchor)
Keni - Big Enough
Johnny Orlando - Daydream
morgxn - DON'T THINK ABOUT IT
Dead Sara - Heroes
Bendigo Fletcher - Retail Lord
DJ Seinfeld - She Loves Me 🐚
Icewear Vezzo - Chamber Brothers 🕒
Wande - Don’t Worry Bout It
BAYLI - 16
COLETON RUBIN - Dad
Augustine - Summer WineEmbed

Lyrics:
78 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguêsDeutschSkate Lyrics[Intro: Anderson .Paak]
Oh my, oh my

[Verse 1: Anderson .Paak]
In a room full of dimes
You would be a hundred dollars
If bein' fine was a crime
Girl, they'd lock your lil' fine ass up in a tower
The way you move like you do
Ooh, it's like you do it for a livin'
Do a lil' spin, do it again
Shit, look like you playin' for the win, oh, baby

[Pre-Chorus: Bruno Mars & Anderson .Paak, Anderson .Paak]
I'm tryna roll, I'm tryna ride
I'm tryna float, I'm tryna glide
No, no, don't be shy, just take my hand and hold on tight

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
Slide your way on over (Slide your way on over)
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
I wanna get to know ya (I wanna get to know ya)
Come on
Oh my, oh my
You might also like[Verse 2: Bruno Mars]
Got your hair in the wind and your skin glistenin'
I can smell your sweet perfume
Mmm, you smell better than a barbecue
Oh, superstar is what you are
I'm your biggest fan
If you're lookin' for a man, sugar, here I am
Ooh

[Pre-Chorus: Both, Bruno Mars]
I'm tryna roll, I'm tryna ride (I'm tryna ride with ya, darlin')
I'm tryna float, I'm tryna glide
Oh, no, no, don't be shy, just take my hand and hold on tight

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
Slide your way on over (Slide your way on over)
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
Uh, I wanna get to know ya (I wanna get to know ya)

[Bridge: Anderson .Paak & Bruno Mars]
I never fall, but tonight, you got me fallin' for you
And only you, you
I'm reachin' out in hopes that you reach for me too
Girl, let's groove
Girl, you got me singin' "Ooh"
My, oh my, my, oh my
My, oh my, my, oh my
[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
Come on, slide your way on over (Slide your way on over)
Oh, skate to me, baby (Skate)
Ah, I wanna get to know you, girl (I wanna get to know ya)
Skate to me, my baby (Skate)
Just slide your way on over (Slide your way on over)
Oh, skate to me, my baby (Skate)
I wanna get to know ya (I wanna get to know ya)18Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorToday’s Top Hits 7/9/21 (feat. Post Malone) Lyrics1. Post Malone - Motley Crew

2. The Kid LAROI - Stay (feat. Justin Bieber)

3. Billie Eilish - NDA

4. Måneskin - Beggin'

5. BTS - Permission to Dance

6. Ed Sheeran - Bad Habits

7. Olivia Rodrigo - good 4 u

8. Doja Cat - Kiss Me More (feat. SZA)

9. Lil Nas X - MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)

10. Dua Lipa - Levitating (feat. DaBaby)

11. The Weeknd & Ariana Grande - Save Your Tears (Remix)

12. Bruno Mars & Andersson .Paak & Silk Sonic - Leave The Door Open

13. Bad Bunny - Yonaguni
14. Justin Bieber - Peaches (feat. Daniel Caesar & Giveon)

15. Doja Cat & The Weeknd - You Right

16. BTS - Butter

17. Olivia Rodrigo - deja vu

18. Rauw Alejandro - Todo De Ti

19. Marshmello & Jonas Brothers - Leave Before You Love Me

20. Glass Animals - Heat Waves

21. Bella Poarch - Build a Bitch

22. J Balvin & María Becerra - Qué Más Pues?

23. Maroon 5 - Beautiful Mistakes (feat. Megan Thee Stallion)

24. Masked Wolf - Astronaut In The Ocean

25. Giveon - Heartbreak Anniversary

26. Megan Thee Stallion - Thot Shit
27. Travis Scott & HVME - Goosebumps (Remix)

28. Riton & Nightcrawlers - Friday (feat. Mufasa & Hypeman) Dopamine Re-Edit

29. OneRepublic - Run

30. Olivia Rodrigo - traitor

31. Dua Lipa - We're Good

32. Galantis, David Guetta & Little Mix - Heartbreak Anthem

33. Måneskin - I WANNA BE YOUR SLAVE

34. The Kid LAROI - WITHOUT YOU

35. Billie Eilish - Lost Cause

36. Tyler, The Creator - WUSYANAME (feat
Youngboy Never Broke Again & Ty Dolla $ign)

37. Polo G - RAPSTAR

38. Madison Beer - Reckless

39. Tom Grennan - Little Bit of Love
40. SEB - seaside_demo

41. Majestic & Boney M. - Rasputin

42. Saweetie - Best Friend (feat. Doja Cat)

43. Roddy Ricch - Late At Night

44. WILLOW - t r a n s p a r e n t s o u l feat. Travis Barker

45. ATB, Topic & A7S - Your Love (9PM)

46. Calvin Harris - By Your Side (feat. Tom Grennan)

47. Cardi B - Up

48. Griff - Black Hole

49. Zoe Wees - Girls Like Us

50. Anne-Marie & Niall Horan - Our Song2Embed

Lyrics:
73 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsCold Heart (PNAU Remix) Lyrics[Intro]
(Oh)
(Oh)
(You're my cold heart)
(Oh)
(Oh)

[Verse: Elton John]
It's a human sign
When things go wrong
When the scent of her lingers
And temptation's strong

[Pre-Chorus: Elton John]
Cold, cold heart
Hardened by you (Oh)
Some things lookin' better, baby
Just passin' through (No, no, no, no, no)

[Chorus: Dua Lipa with Elton John]
And I think it's gonna be a long, long time
'Til touchdown brings me 'round again to find
I'm not the man they think I am at home
Oh no, no, no
And this is what I should have said
Well, I thought it, but I kept it hid
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Elton John]
Cold, cold heart
Hardened by you (Oh)
Some things lookin' better, baby
Just passin' through (No, no, no, no, no)

[Chorus: Dua Lipa with Elton John]
And I think it's gonna be a long, long time
'Til touchdown brings me 'round again to find
I'm not the man they think I am at home
Oh no, no, no (No, no, no, no, no)
And this is what I should have said
Well, I thought it, but I kept it hid

[Pre-Chorus: Elton John]
Cold, cold heart (Oh)
Hardened by you
Some things lookin' better, baby (Oh)
Just passin' through (No, no, no, no, no)

[Chorus: Dua Lipa]
And I think it's gonna be a long, long time
'Til touchdown brings me 'round again to find
I'm not the man they think I am at home
Oh no, no, no (No, no, no, no, no)
And this is what I should have said
(And I think it's gonna be a long, long time)
('Til touchdown brings me 'round again to find)
Well, I thought it, but I kept it hid
(I'm not the man they think I am at home)
(Oh, no, no, no) (No, no, no, no, no)
[Outro]
Shoorah (Oh)
Shoorah
Shoorah (Oh)
Shoorah
(No, no, no, no, no)16Embed

Lyrics:
1 ContributorNew Music Friday 5/21/21 LyricsOlivia Rodrigo - enough for you
Lil Nas X - SUN GOES DOWN
BTS - Butter
Polo G - GANG GANG (with Lil Wayne)
Zoe Wees - Hold Me Like You Used To
Anne-Marie - Our Song
Marshmello - Leave Before You Love Me (with Jonas Brothers)
City Girls - Twerkulator
42 Dugg - Maybach (feat. Future)
Olivia Rodrigo - happier
Lana Del Rey - Blue Banisters
Twenty One Pilots - Saturday
Lil Baby - We Win (Space Jam: A New Legacy) (and Kirk Franklin)
Pooh Shiesty - Switch it Up (feat. G Herbo, No More Heroes)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie - 24 Hours (feat. Lil Durk)
SEB - seaside_dеmo
Julia Wolf - In My Way
Lucky Daye - Mercy Mercy Mе (The Ecology)
AUDREY NUNA - Top Again
Olivia Rodrigo - brutal
Galantis - Heartbreak Anthem (with David Guetta & Little Mix)
Vance Joy - Missing Piece
Zara Larsson - Morning
Holly Humberstone - The Walls Are Way Too Thin
Bleachers - Stop Making This Hurt
Dayglow - Medicine
Latto - The Biggest
Birdman - STUNNAMAN (with Roddy Ricch & feat. Lil Wayne)
Fousheé - enjoy the silence
salem ilese - Dinosaurs (S4E7)
Tai Verdes - i deserve 2 b alone
Anson Seabra - Magazines
MAY-A - Swing of Things
Patrick Droney - When The Lights Go Out
Lord Huron - Love Me Like You Used To
Blake Shelton - Body Language (feat. The Swon Brothers)
Duncan Laurence - Stars
Sinead Harnett - Anymore (feat. Lucky Daye)
Naliya - Handshakes
Oliver Malcolm - Runaway
binki - Clay Pigeon
Hayd - Airplane Mode
Japanese Breakfast - Savage Good Boy
Sharon Van Etten - Like I Used To
Masego - Yebo/Sema
Amorphous - Back Together
Rauw Alejandro - Todo De Ti
Lunay - VUDÚ
YG - Drop A Location
Young M.A - Don Diva
SpotemGottem - No Tik Tok
$uicideboy$ - Avalon
PawPaw Rod - Glass House
Mike Posner - Jealousy (feat. blackbear)
Carlie Hanson - Gucci Knife (feat. MASN)
Jade Bird - Different Kinds of Light
Teddy Swims - L.I.F.E.
Old Dominion - I Was On a Boat That Day
Ayron Jones - Supercharged
Green Day - Pollyanna
aldn - i'm alright
Smino - Rice & Gravy
Yung Baby Tate - Focused
Bobby Sessions - Gold Rolex (feat. Benny The Butcher & Freddie Gibbs)
Sada Baby - Little While (feat. Big Sean & Hit-Boy)
Young Nudy - Yellow Tape (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Money Man - Whole Lotta
88rising - Too Many Tears
Rezz - Taste of You (feat. Dove Cameron)
slenderbodies - mirror
Biig Piig - American Beauty
MARINA - Ancient Dreams In A Modern Land
NEEDTOBREATHE - I Wanna Remember (feat. Carrie Underwood)
Ross Copperman - Therapy
Jordan Davis - Buy Dirt
Brandy - Starting Now
Tobe Nwigwe - FYE FYE
FCG Heem - Need Dat Crack
Emilia - Perreito Salvaje
Armaan Malik - Echo (with KSHMR)
Qveen Herby - Naughty Girl
Justus Bennetts - Real Life Sux
Waterparks - Violet
Angels & Airwaves - Euphoria
JVKE - SECRETS
Bratty - lejos 🕒
AleXa - Is It On
CLOVES - Screws
Allison Russell - 4th Day Prayer
Tenille Arts - Back Then, Right Now
Erika de Casier - Someone to Chill With
Tirzah - Sink In
Madison Ryann Ward - Emotions
DVBBS - Lose My Mind
Duke Dumont - Alter Ego
Bktherula - Santanny
Los Plebes del Rancho de Ariel Camacho - Hablemos
Mat Kearney - I Don't Really Care
San Holo - you’ve changed, i’ve changedEmbed

Lyrics:
52 ContributorsTranslationsAnitta - Girl From Rio (Traducción al Español)PortuguêsGirl From Rio Lyrics[Intro]
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1]
Let me tell you 'bout a different Rio (Yeah)
The one I'm from, but not the one that you know (Hey)
The one you meet when you don't have no Real (Hey)
Baby, it's my love affair, it's my love affair, yeah (Hey, hey)
Just found out I have another brother (Hey!)
Same daddy, but a different mother (Have a brother)
This was somethin’ that I always wanted
Baby, it's a love affair, it's a love affair, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Pre-Chorus]
Ooh, whoa
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it
It runs in my blood, oh (Hey)
I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it
You already know, oh
A dime, a dozen
I'm lucky, I'm lucky, I'm lucky
I know, oh
It's my love affair, yeah (Um, dois, três, vai)
You might also like[Chorus]
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio Vai malandra, gringo canta, todo mundo canta (Hey)
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models (Hey)
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows (Hey)
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio (Hey)
Vai malandra, gringo canta, todo mundo canta

[Verse 2]
Honório Gurgel forever (Sou eu)
Babies havin' babies like it doesn't matter (Ah, é)
Yeah, the streets have raised me, I'm favela (Demais)
Baby, it's my love affair, it's my love affair, yeah (Hey, hey)
I just had to leave another lover (Mais um?)
Guess he couldn't handle my persona (Não fala!)
'Cause I'm cold like winter, hot like summer (Yeah)
Baby, it's my love affair, it's my love affair, yeah (Yeah, yeah)

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh, whoa
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it
It runs in my blood, oh (Hey)
I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it
You already know, oh
A dime, a dozen
I'm lucky, I'm lucky, I'm lucky
I know, oh
It's my love affair, yeah (Um, dois, três, vai)
[Chorus]
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models (Hey, hey)
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows (Hey)
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio (Hey)
Vai malandra, gringo canta, todo mundo canta (Hey)
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models (Hey, hey)
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows (Hey)
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio (Hey)
Vai malandra, gringo canta, todo mundo canta (Hey)
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models (Hey, hey)
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows (Hey)
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio (Hey)
Vai malandra, gringo canta, todo mundo canta (Hey)

[Outro]
Hot girls, where I'm from, we don't look like models
Tan lines, big curves, and the energy glows
You'll be fallin’ in love with the girl from Rio9Embed

Lyrics:
11 ContributorsArcade (Remix) Lyrics[Verse 1: Duncan Laurence]
A broken heart is all that's left
I'm still fixing all the cracks
Lost a couple of pieces when
I carried it, carried it, carried it home
I'm afraid of all I am
My mind feels like a foreign land
Silence ringing inside my head
Please, carry me, carry me, carry me home

[Pre-Chorus: Duncan Laurence]
I've spent all of the love I saved
We were always a losing game
Small-town boy in a big arcade
I got addicted to a losing game

[Chorus: Duncan Laurence]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

[Verse 2: FLETCHER]
Do you love me, or love me not?
Peeling piecеs from my heart
And my rose-colored lеns is gone
Still I carry, I carry, I carry on
See Duncan Laurence LiveGet tickets as low as $63You might also like[Chorus: Duncan Laurence & FLETCHER]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

[Bridge: Duncan Laurence & FLETCHER]
I don't need your games, game over
Get me off this rollercoaster

[Chorus: Duncan Laurence & FLETCHER]
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game8Embed

Lyrics:
54 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisSummer of Love Lyrics[Verse 1]
Kisses on your body were like heaven
We were takin' it slow
Tangled in the sheets until the evenin'
There was nowhere to go, yeah
We were in a daze, learnin' each other's shapes
Tracin' shadows of rain down your back, oh-oh
Kisses on your body in my memory, baby, nothing comes close

[Chorus]
It was the summer of love
A delicate daydream
And for a couple of months
It felt like we were eighteen, yeah
It was the summer of

[Post-Chorus]
La-la-love
La-la-love, yeah
It was the summer of
La-la-love
La-la-love

[Verse 2]
Meditation and tequila
Calling you my señorita
Didn't know how much I need ya
Hate it when I have to leave ya
I've been taking mental pictures
For when I miss you in the winter
Stayin' up until the sunrise
Prayin' it won't be the last time
You might also like[Chorus]
It was the summer of love
A delicate daydream
And for a couple of months
It felt like we were eighteen, yeah
It was the summer of

[Post-Chorus]
La-la-love
La-la-love, yeah
It was the summer of
La-la-love
La-la-love

[Bridge]
Kisses on your body were like heaven
We were takin' it slow, yeah
Entangled in the sheets until the evenin'
There was nowhere to go, no

[Chorus]
It was the summer of love (You were my summer of love)
A delicate daydream (A delicate daydream)
And for a couple of months (And for a couple of months)
It felt like we were eighteen, yeah
It was the summer of
[Post-Chorus]
La-la-love
La-la-love, yeah
It was the summer of
La-la-love
La-la-love
It was the summer of
La-la-love
La-la-love, yeah
It was the summer of
La-la-love
La-la-love, yeah
It was the summer of7Embed

Lyrics:
46 ContributorsTranslationsDeutschMeet Me At Our Spot Lyrics[Verse 1: WILLOW]
When I wake up, I can't even stay up
I slept through the day, fuck
I'm not getting younger
But when I'm older, I'll be so much stronger
I'll stay up for longer
Meet me at our spot

[Chorus: WILLOW]
Caught a vibe (Woo, woo)
Baby, are you coming for the ride? (The ride, the ride, the ride)
I just wanna look into your eyes (Your eyes, your eyes)
I just wanna stay for the night, night, night
When we take a drive (Woo, woo)
Maybe we can hit the 405
Hypnotized by the lights
Man, this must be the life

[Verse 2: Tyler Cole & WILLOW]
When I go to sleep, I can't even fall asleep
Something's got ahold of me
Feel it taking over me
But when I'm older I'll be moving onward
I just got a drunk text
(Meet me at our spot)
You might also like[Chorus: WILLOW & Tyler Cole]
We caught a vibe (Yeah, yeah)
Baby, are you coming for the ride? (The ride, the ride, the ride)
When I look into your eyes (Your eyes, your eyes)
I just wanna hold you all night (All night)
Maybe we can take a drive (Take a drive)
Baby, we can hit the 405
Hypnotized by the lights
Man, this must be the life

[Bridge: WILLOW]
Meet me at our spot
Got something I wanna show you
Meet me at our spot
They can't find us there
Meet me at our spot
Got something I wanna show you
Meet me at our spot
They can't find us there

[Chorus: WILLOW & Tyler Cole]
Caught a vibe (Woo, woo)
Baby, are you coming for the ride? (The ride, the ride, the ride)
I just wanna look into your eyes (Into your eyes)
I just wanna stay for the night, night, night
When we take a drive (Woo, woo)
Maybe we can hit the 405
Hypnotized by the lights
Man, this must be the life33Embed

Lyrics:
78 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolLife Goes On Lyrics[Verse 1]
Babe, you're too controlling
I’ma feed you to the wolves
When you get nasty, back at me
But, baby, don't distract me
I'm a goner, I lost her
Like why the hell you wanna
Play me that way? You’re bad, babe
You double-faced entendre

[Chorus]
Life goes on and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on

[Verse 2]
Babe, you best believe it
I'ma rip you up to pieces
I'm a lover, not a fighter
But I'll light this place on fire
I want it, I'm on it
But, babe, at least I'm honest
I get tired of explaining
As these seasons keep on changing
See Oliver Tree LiveGet tickets as low as $52You might also like[Chorus]
Life goes on and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
On and on and on and on and on and
On and on and on (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Bridge]
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day and then I wake up
Work all day

[Outro]
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
No!29Embed

Lyrics:
8 Contributors​laci’s 2022 Listening Log LyricsAll songs will be in order of when i listened to them
January:
Swish Swish - Katy Perry (feat. Nicki Minaj)
Can't Hold Us - Macklemore and Ryan Lewis
HOLIDAY - Lil Nas X
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
I Didn't Change My Number - Billie Eilish (3X)
hostage - Billie Eilish
my boy - Billie Eilish
abcdefu - GAYLE
1991 - Azealia Banks
YRN - Migos (the remix of it that everyone on tiktok likes)
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
Levitating - Dua Lipa
No Lie - Dua Lipa
One Dance - Drake (feat. Wizkid)
1991 x Truffle Butter (mashup) - Azealia Banks and Nicki Minaj
Feel like God - Playboi Carti
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from Encanto)
Say So - Doja Cat
telepatia - Kali Uchis
Woman - Doja Cat
One Dancе - Drake
Levitating - Dua Lipa
evеrything i wanted - Billie Eilish
LOST IN PARADISE - ALI (feat. AKLO)
INDUSTRY BABY - Lil Nas X (feat. Jack Harlow)
rockstar - Post Malone (feat. 21 Savage)
Levitating - Dua Lipa
Cabo - Bankrol Hayden
Confident - Justin Bieber
You Right - Doja Cat
Deuces - Chris Brown
Miss the Rage - Mario Judah
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
oui - Jeremih
bad idea - Ariana Grande
nasty - Ariana Grande
motive - Ariana Grande (feat. Doja Cat)
(a compilation of tiktok edit audios)
(another compilation of tiktok edit audios)
(more tiktok edit audios)
telepatia - Kali Uchis
Rules - Doja Cat
Tia Tamera - Doja Cat
Bills, Bills, Bills - Destiny's Child
Dick - Starboi3 (feat. Doja Cat)
Confident - Justin Bieber
WAP - Cardi B & Megan Thee Stallion
Levitating - Dua Lipa
Adore You - Harry Styles
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
No Lie - Dua Lipa
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
Ridiculous - Ariana Grande
oui - Jeremih
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
La Espada - Eternal Raijin
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
Redbone - Childish Gambino
MyBoi (TroyBoi Remix) - Billie Eilish
You'll Never Know - Ariana Grande
watch - Billie Eilish
GOLDWING - Billie Eilish
GTA San Andreas Theme Song
1991 - Azealia Banks
when the party's over - Billie Eilish
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
One Dance - Drake (feat. WizKid)
NEW MAGIC WAND - Tyler, the Creator
Essence - WizKid and Tems
The Other Side (from Trolls World Tour) - SZA and Justin Timberlake
Boo'd Up - Ella Mai
oui - Jeremih
American Boy - Estelle
Bills, Bills, Bills - Destiny's Child
Pity Party - Melanie Martinez
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
oui - Jeremih
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
Whistle - Fantom
Mask Off - Future
Ridiculous - Ariana Grande
Megan's Piano - Megan Thee Stallion
Feel Like God - Playboi Carti
MyBoi (TroyBoi remix) - Billie Eilish
EVERYWHEREIGO - BABYXSOSA
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
oui - Jeremih
1991 - Azealia Banks
The Other Side - SZA and Justin Timberlake
Kim Possible Theme Song
Needed Me - Rihanna
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
WERKKK - TisaKorean
DDU-DU DDU-DU - BLACKPINK
Deuces - Chris Brown (3X)
Bang Bang - Jessie J, Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj
The Other Side - SZA and Justin Timberlake
WERKKK - TisaKorean
Wotaku koi wa Muzukashii OP (2X)
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
The Other Side - SZA and Justin Timberlake
motive - Ariana Grande (feat. Doja Cat)
You Right - Doja Cat (feat. The Weeknd)
nasty - Ariana Grande
bad idea - Ariana Grande
Get Into It (Yuh) - Doja Cat
positions - Ariana Grande
Like That - Doja Cat (feat. Gucci Mane)
Rules - Doja Cat
Have Mercy - Chloe
Ridiculous - Ariana Grande
R.E.M - Ariana Grande
Save Your Tears - The Weeknd
Baby, I'm Jealous - Bebe Rexha (feat. Doja Cat)
SCOOP - Lil Nas X (feat. Doja Cat)
Streets - Doja Cat
Kiss Me More - Doja Cat (feat. SZA)
INDUSTRY BABY (Extended) - Lil Nas X (feat. Jack Harlow)
Say So - Doja Cat
worst behavior - Ariana Grande
MOOO! - Doja Cat
Up and Down - Doja Cat
(my Spotify favorites playlist)
Papi Chulo - Octavian and Skepta
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch (4X)
Feel Like God - Playboi Carti (2X)
telepatia - Kali Uchis
Deuces - Chris Brown
Confident - Justin Bieber
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
Own Brand Freestyle - FelixThe1st, Dreya Mac, Finch Fetti
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from Encanto)
rockstar - Post Malone (feat. 21 Savage)
Congratulations - Post Malone and Quavo
Confident - Justin Bieber
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
WERKKK - TisaKorean
Confident - Justin Bieber
Wild Thoughts - Rihanna, DJ Khalid, Bryson Tiller
God is a woman - Ariana Grande
Can't Hold Us - Macklemore and Ryan Lewis
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Build a Bitch - Bella Poarch
U Don't Have To Call - Usher
Feel Like God - Playboi Carti
telepatia - Kali Uchis
oui - Jeremih
Levitating - Dua Lipa (feat. DaBaby)
Levitating - Dua Lipa
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from Encanto)
Confident - Justin Bieber
Wotaku koi wa Muzukashii OP
oui - Jeremih
oui - Jeremih
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from Encanto)
oui - Jeremih
The Other Side - SZA and Justin Timberlake
(Spotify playlist)
no tears left to cry - Ariana Grande
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
oui - Jeremih (4X)
God is a woman - Ariana Grande (6X)
oui - Jeremih (3X)
Dark Red - Steve Lacy
God is a woman - Ariana Grande (2X)
Pity Party - Melanie Martinez
my boy - Billie Eilish
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
positions - Ariana Grande
wish you were gay - Billie Eilish
oui - Jeremih
God is a woman - Ariana Grande
bad idea - Ariana Grande
Billie Bossa Nova - Billie Eilish
oui - Jeremih
God is a woman - Ariana Grande
my boy - Billie Eilish
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
EARFQUAKE - Tyler, The Creator
You Right - Doja Cat (feat. The Weeknd)
INDUSTRY BABY - Lil Nas X (feat. Jack Harlow)
Have Mercy - Chloe
7 rings - Ariana Grande
Side to Side - Ariana Grande (feat. Nicki Minaj)
Focus - Ariana Grande
Problem - Ariana Grande (feat. Iggy Azalea)
no tears left to cry - Ariana Grande
DDU-DU DDU-DU - BLACKPINK
Kill This Love - BLACKPINK
How You Like That - BLACKPINK
Ice Cream - BLACKPINK (feat. Selena Gomez)
break up with your girlfriend, i'm bored - Ariana Grande
God is a woman - Ariana Grande
Don't Call Me Angel - Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, and Lana Del Rey
all the good girls go to hell - Billie Eilish
bury a friend - Billie Eilish
The Hills - The Weeknd
bad guy - Billie Eilish
Therefore I Am - Billie Eilish
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
bad idea - Ariana Grande
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
oui - Jeremih
Motive X Promiscuous (mashup) - Ariana Grande and Nelly Furtado
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
All The Stars - Kendrick Lamar and SZA
Flashing Lights - Kanye West
Stronger - Kanye West
Big Poppa - The Notorious B.I.G
Rap God - Eminem
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
The Box - Roddy Ricch
U Don't Have To Call - Usher
No Guidance - Chris Brown and Drake
Frontin' - Pharrell (feat. Jay Z)
No Scrubs - TLC
bad idea - Ariana Grande
R.E.M - Ariana Grande
nasty - Ariana Grande
motive - Ariana Grande (feat. Doja Cat)
You Right - Doja Cat (feat. The Weeknd)
Ridiculous - Ariana Grande
positions - Ariana Grande
bloodline - Ariana Grande
oui - Jeremih
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
The Box - Roddy Ricch
Blueberry Faygo - Lil Mosey
YRN (EZRA remix) - Migos
Pocket Rocket - Cochise
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
I Hate U - SZA
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
I Hate U - SZA
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
oui - Jeremih
The Hills - The Weeknd
Suit & Tie - Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z
I Hate U - SZA
motive - Ariana Grande (feat. Doja Cat)
nasty - Ariana Grande
Confident - Justin Bieber
Rules - Doja Cat
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
I Hate U - SZA
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
Material Girl - Saucy Santana
I Hate U - SZA
Belly Dancer x Temperature
Megan's Piano - Megan Thee Stallion
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (3X)
Own Brand Freestyle - FelixThe1st, Dreya Mac, Finch Fetti
SAD GIRLZ LUV MONEY (remix) - Amaarae and Moliy (feat. Kali Uchis)
Up And Down - Doja Cat
Wild Side - Normani (feat. Cardi B)
This Could Be Us - Rae Sremmurd
you reposted in the wrong neighborhood - Shokk
Pocket Rocket - Cochise
TWINNEM - Coi Leray
oui - Jeremih
WERKKK - TisaKorean
Encanto (Soundtrack)
I Hate U - SZA
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
I Hate U - SZA
R.E.M - Ariana Grande
You Right - Doja Cat and The Weeknd
motive - Ariana Grande (feat. Doja Cat)
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
my boy - Billie Eilish
all the good girls go to hell - Billie Eilish
Get Into It (Yuh) - Doja Cat
wish you were gay - Billie Eilish
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
The Box - Roddy Ricch
INDUSTRY BABY - Lil Nas X (feat. Jack Harlow)
goosebumps - Travis Scott (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
Money Trees - Kendrick Lamar
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Megan's Piano - Megan Thee Stallion
Suit & Tie - Justin Timberlake (feat. Jay-Z)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell) (3X)
Pocket Rocket - Cochise
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc) (2X)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
Suit & Tie - Justin Timberlake (feat. Jay-Z)
Sky - Playboi Carti
U Remind Me - Usher
Suit & Tie - Justin Timberlake (feat. Jay-Z)
oui - Jeremih
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from "Encanto")
How You Like That - BLACKPINK
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Frontin' - Pharrell
Mask Off - Future
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow (2X)
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrel)
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
Pocket Rocket - Cochise
Sky - Playboi Carti
oui - Jeremih
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Frontin' - Pharrell (feat. Jay-Z)
Kitty Kat - Beyonce
Sky - Playboi Carti
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow
Light Switch - Charlie Puth (2X)
(Playlist)
50//50 - Vantage
February:
Hell Shell - Young Nudy (4X)
Frontin' - Pharrell (feat. Jay-Z)
20 min - Lil Uzi Vert (2-3X)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
All The Stars - Kendrick Lamar and SZA (like a million times)
I Hate U - SZA
The Other Side - Justin Timberlake and SZA
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell) (2X)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
XO TOUR Llif3 - Lil Uzi Vert
Holy Smokes - Trippie Redd (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
That Way - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Kitty Kat - Megan Thee Stallion
Eat it - Megan Thee Stallion
Geek'd - Bhad Bhabie (feat. Lil Baby)
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from "Encanto)
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Ballin' - Roddy Ricch
Upgrade U - Beyonce
Pocket Rocket - Cochise
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert
Tell Em - Cochise (feat. $NOT)
Sky - Playboi Carti
IShowSpeed - Shake
Kitty Kat - Beyonce
Geek'd - Bhad Bhabie (feat. Lil Baby) (3X)
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert
The Story of OJ - Jay-Z
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow
borderline - Ariana Grande (feat. Missy Elliott)
20 min - Lil Uzi Vert
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
Tell Em - Cochise (feat. $NOT)
I Hate U - SZA
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
Tell Em - Cochise (feat. $NOT)
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
The Story of OJ - Jay-Z
Love Again - Dua Lipa
Dead Man's Party - Oingo Boingo
20 min - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert
Tell Em - Cochise (feat. $NOT)
March:
oui - Jeremih
oui - Jeremih
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
bad idea - Ariana Grande
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert
We're Good - Dua Lipa
Hallucinate - Dua Lipa
No Lie - Dua Lipa and Sean Paul
my boy - Billie Eilish
COPYCAT - Billie Eilish
watch - Billie Eilish
bellyache - Billie Eilish
bury a friend - Billie Eilish
all the good girls go to hell - Billie Eilish
oui - Jeremih
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
bellyache - Billie Eilish
oui - Jeremih
Therefore I Am - Billie Eilish
Break My Heart - Dua Lipa
love language - Ariana Grande
COPYCAT - Billie Eilish
my boy - Billie Eilish
Break My Heart - Dua Lipa
Hallucinate - Dua Lipa
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
my boy - Billie Eilish
I Didn't Change My Number - Billie Eilish
bad idea - Ariana Grande
Don't Start Now - Dua Lipa
We're Good - Dua Lipa
all the good girls go to hell - Billie Eilish
watch - Billie Eilish
bad guy - Billie Eilish
Baby, I'm Jealous - Bebe Rexha (feat. Doja Cat)
Levitating - Dua Lipa
Get Into It (Yuh) - Doja Cat
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
oui - Jeremih
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
oui - Jeremih
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
Levitating - Dua Lipa
IDGAF - Dua Lipa
nasty - Ariana Grande
WERKKK - TisaKorean
oui - Jeremih
Feels - Katy Perry, Calvin Harris and Big Sean
love language - Ariana Grande
just like magic - Ariana Grande
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Baby I - Ariana Grande
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow
Firework - Katy Perry
Big Energy - Latto
You'll Never Know - Ariana Grande
Drunk and Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
Baby I - Ariana Grande
Sweetest Pie - Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa
The Way Life Goes - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Oh Wonder)
That Way - Lil Uzi Vert
No Lie - Dua Lipa
God is a woman - Ariana Grande
no tears left to cry - Ariana Grande
Big Energy - Latto
Sweetest Pie - Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa
HOME - MIKE DIMES
WHATS POPPIN - Jack Harlow
oui - Jeremih
No Lie - Dua Lipa
April:
Rounds - August Alsina
Rounds - August Alsina
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
oui - Jeremih
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
Sweetest Pie - Dua Lipa and Megan Thee Stallion
First Class - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
Flashing Lights - Kanye West
Rounds - August Alsina
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Blick Blick - Nicki Minaj and Coi Leray
Freaky Deaky - Doja Cat and Tyga
Liar - Camila Cabello
Rules - Doja Cat
M3tamorphosis - Playboi Carti (feat. Kid Cudi)
Sweetest Pie - Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
Rounds - August Alsina
First Class - Jack Harlow
COPYCAT - Billie EIlish
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
Gold Digger - Kanye West
Holy Smokes - Trippie Redd (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Flashing Lights - Kanye West
Alright - Kendrick Lamar
Men in Black - Will Smith
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow
Prisoner - Miley Cyrus (feat. Dua Lipa)
Sorry Not Sorry - Demi Lovato
just like magic - Ariana Grande
That Way - Lil Uzi Vert
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
Geek'd - Bhad Bhabie (feat. Lil Baby)
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
Deuces - Chris Brown (feat. Tyga and Kevin McCall)
borderline - Ariana Grande (feat. Missy Elliot)
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
oui - Jeremih
First Class - Jack Harlow
Smokin' Out The Window - Silk Sonic
Liar - Camila Cabello
Rounds - August Alsina
bitches broken hearts - Billie Eilish
Girl From Rio - Anitta (feat. DaBaby)
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Levitating - Dua Lipa (feat. DaBaby)
Sweetest Pie - Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa
Go Crazy - Chris Brown and Young Thug
Rounds - August Alsina
First Class - Jack Harlow
This Could Be Us - Rae Sremmurd
Bootylicious - Destiny's Child
family ties - Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar
EARFQUAKE - Tyler, The Creator
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
First Class - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
Cabo - Bankrol Hayden
First Class - Jack Harlow
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
20 min - Lil Uzi Vert
Just a waste - PinkPatheress
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert
20 min - Lil Uzi Vert
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
Hell Shell - Young Nudy
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
​wokeuplikethis* - Playboi Carti (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
First Class - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
Flashing Lights - Kanye West
Sweetest Pie - Dua Lipa and Megan Thee Stallion
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
wokeuplikethis* - Playboi Carti (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
First Class - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
GOLDWING - Billie Eilish
Beef FloMix - Flo Milli
I Hate U - SZA
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
Tyler Herro - Jack Harlow
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
Hypnotize - The Notorious B.I.G
This Could Be Us - Rae Sremmurd
Rules - Doja Cat
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
nasty - Ariana Grande
M3tamorphosis - Playboi Carti (feat. Kid Cudi)
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
Rounds - August Alsina
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
Beef FloMix - Flo Milli
Liar - Camila Cabello
About Damn Time - Lizzo
Juice - Lizzo
Better in Color - Lizzo (2X)
Tempo - Lizzo (feat. Missy Elliott)
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
bitches broken hearts - Billie Eilish
my strange addiction - Billie Eilish
my boy - Billie Eilish
Confident - Justin Bieber (feat. Chance The Rapper)
bellyache - Billie Eilish
Feels - Calvin Harris (feat. Katy Perry, Pharrell and Big Sean)
Chained To The Rhythm - Katy Perry (feat. Skip Marley)
As It Was - Harry Styles
Stayin' Alive - The Bee Gees
Blick Blick - Coi Leray and Nicki Minaj
Sweetest Pie - Dua Lipa and Megan Thee Stallion
Swish Swish - Katy Perry (feat. Nicki Minaj)
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
INDUSTRY BABY - Lil Nas X (feat. Jack Harlow)
First Class - Jack Harlow
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
EARFQUAKE - Tyler, The Creator
Turning Red (From Turning Red) - Ludwig Göransson
Confident - Justin Bieber (feat. Chance The Rapper)
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
Turning Red (From Turning Red) - Ludwig Göransson
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
MyBoi (TroyBoi Remix) - Billie Eilish
We Don't Talk About Bruno (from Encanto)
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
Confident - Justin Bieber (feat. Chance The Rapper)
As It Was - Harry Styles
BeefFlomix - Flo Milli
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
Neon Guts - Lil Uzi Vert (feat. Pharrell)
First Class - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
After Party - Don Toliver
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
Fell In Luv - Playboi Carti (feat. Bryson Tiller)
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
Fell In Luv - Playboi Carti (feat. Bryson Tiller)
First Class - Jack Harlow
Feel Good Inc. - Gorillaz
M3tamorphosis - Playboi Carti (feat. Kid Cudi)
Nail Tech - Jack Harlow
Rounds - August Alsina
Yah Mean - Playboi Carti
Magnolia - Playboi Carti
20 Min - Lil Uzi Vert
Confident - Justin Bieber (feat. Chance The Rapper)
Feels - Calvin Harris (feat. Katy Perry, Pharrell and Big Sean)
EARFQUAKE - Tyler, The Creator
POCKET ROCKET - Cochise
Drunk And Nasty - Pi'erre Bourne (feat. Sharc)
Fell In Luv - Playboi Carti (feat. Bryson Tiller)
I Knew You Were Trouble. - Taylor Swift
MyBoi (TroyBoi Remix) - Billie Eilish
Poison - Bell Biv DeVoe
​wokeuplikethis* - Playboi Carti (feat. Lil Uzi Vert)
Kiss Me More - Doja Cat (feat. SZA)

May:
U Know What's Up (From Turning Red) - 4*TOWN29Embed

Lyrics:
297 ContributorsTranslationsKanye West - Praise God ft. Baby Keem & Travis Scott (Türkçe Çeviri)SvenskaEspañolPortuguêsEnglishFrançaisPraise God Lyrics[Intro: Travis Scott & Donda West]
That she wrote, "Speech to the Young: Speech to the Progress-Toward"
Say to them, say to the down-keepers, the sun-slappers
The self-soilers, the harmony-hushers
Even if you are not ready for the day, it cannot always be night
Serve, flex, I do work (Work)
Six, I'm like Mike
He's out of sight, woo
You done got me piped
Two-man like Ike
Six out the spot (Uh, uh)
Into the night

[Verse 1: Travis Scott & Kanye West]
Yeah, I'm shakin' the drop (Drop)
I'm still up on top (Aight)
I been had the bop
The devil my opp, can't pay me to stop (It's lit)
My God at the top (La Flame)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Donda West]
We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg
Livin', speakin', praise God
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night (Hey)
You might also like[Verse 2: Travis Scott & Kanye West]
Yeah, this life I'm livin' (I'm livin')
All the advice been tipped in (That thang)
Gave me that grip, no slippin' (That grip)
Out of my mind, went trippin' (My mind)
Tell me take two when I'm on one (I'm on)
That lookout like no one
Kept it real tight like your son (Your son)
Yeah (La Flame)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Donda West]
We gon' praise our way out the grave, dawg
Livin', speakin', praise God
Walkin' out the graveyard back to life
I serve, follow your word, see with new sight, into the night
[Verse 3: Baby Keem]
Still on side, huh, still outside
****, attention, still outside, huh, still outside
Tame Imp—, Tame Impala, ****
Tame Impala, stay outside, huh
And I'm still outside, I'm still outside, still outside, huh
Let's get right, huh, let's get right, uh, let's get right, uh, huh
Let's get right, let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get right
Let's get (Ayy, ayy, ayy), let's get—
Look at new scenes, I opened my life, I'm subject to memes
I signed a few ****, I polished their dreams
An angel on earth, come under my wing
Stop runnin' your publishers, ****
They publish the headlines and say the wrong things
Y'all treat your Lord and Savior like renters' insurance, you know what I mean?
Bada the bada the boom, I bada the boom, I bada the bing
I need a new girl, my old one was mean
I had to let go, forgave all them evils that came to my shows
I channeled them bad **** all in abode
I channeled your trust, I channeled the turbulence, came with the life
I gathered my sinners and asked if I'm right, let's get
I just get right, ****, huh
Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right, shh, shh
Ain't on sight, it's on sight
I don't know you, you, you, you, it's on sight
I don't know you, you, you, you (Ayy, ayy), let's get right
Ayy, all of my **** on Channel 5
I don't channel ten 'til it go time
Used to throw up my uncle's spaghetti
Been told to tote since before I was ready
Back when my mama told me that I was challenged
A single Black woman, you know that she petty
I turned a heavy heart to two million dollars
I put that in totals, reverse outta debty
I gotta, I gotta put on a rager one time
I swung the powder, went major one time
I know some white people servin' no time
I gotta do it for me, do it for, pray for me
Do it for all the ones dyin'
I wanna do it for all the ones cryin'
I wanna, uh, uh, uh, let's get right, huh124Embed

